Fair & Responsible Lending Policy
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Oct 30, 2025
Effective Date: Oct 30, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Fair and Responsible Lending Policy (the "Policy") outlines Block,
Inc.'s enterprise-wide approach to compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and its
implementing Regulation B (“ECOAˮ and “Reg Bˮ), and the prohibition against Unfair, Deceptive,
and Abusive Acts and Practices (“UDAAPˮ). The purpose of this Policy is to establish
comprehensive guidelines governing Block, Inc., and its U.S. subsidiaries' compliance with fair
lending laws, ensuring consistent operations while maintaining brand-specific flexibility, where
applicable. It is important to note that this Policy does not include fair lending components that
apply exclusively to Model Risk Management (“MRMˮ), which are governed separately. Block's
Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending & Credit, and/or their designee, is responsible for the
management of this Policy.
Scope: This Policy applies to all consumer Credit Products offered by Block, Inc., its subsidiaries,
and affiliates (collectively, "Block"), in the United States, including, both consumer-purpose and
commercial-purpose credit. The only exception is Square Financial Services (“SFSˮ), Blockʼs Utah
state-chartered Industrial Bank federally regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,
which has its own Compliance Program.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Credit Products Cash App and Afterpay branded consumer loan products for personal,
family, or household purposes (including, but not limited to, Cash App
Borrow, Cash App Afterpay Pay Over Time, Afterpay on Cash App Card,
Cash App Afterpay Online Checkout, Afterpay Pay-in-4, and Afterpay Pay
Monthly) and Squareʼs business-purpose credit products.
1

Fair and The Manual that sets forth all components of the Fair and Responsible
Responsible Lending Program.
Lending Program
Manual
Fair and The Block program that governs all aspects of fair lending, inclusive of
Responsible ECOA/Regulation B, state equivalents, and the prohibitions against UDAAP.
Lending Program
Consumer The examination Modules that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
FInancial uses to examine supervised entities on ECOA compliance.
Protection
Bureau ECOA
Baseline Review
Modules 25
(“Modulesˮ)
Equal Credit The Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 16911691f, the law that
Opportunity Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin,
(“ECOA/
sex, marital status, age, receipt of public assistance, or good faith exercise of
Regulation Bˮ)
any rights under the Consumer Credit Protection Act, in addition to imposing
disclosure requirements. ECOAʼs implementing Regulation B, 12 CFR Part
1002, elaborates on these and other principles and requirements for fair and
non-discriminatory access to credit throughout the credit lifecycle.
UDAAP Unfair, Deceptive and Abusive Acts and Practices. For purposes of this
Policy, “Unfairˮ means an act or practice that: 1 causes or is likely to cause
substantial injury to consumers; 2 is not reasonably avoidable by
consumers; and 3 is not outweighed by countervailing benefits to
consumers or to competition.
Model Risk The umbrella term for treatment of all aspects of the model lifecycle in
Management accordance with SR 117.
MRM
SR 117 Guidance on Model Risk Management from the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System April 2011 that identifies principles of a sound
MRM program.
2

Prohibited Basis ● Race or color
(also referred to ● Religion
interchangeably
● National origin
as “Protected
● Sex
Classesˮ)
● Marital status
● Age, as long as the applicant is able to contract
● Receipt of income from a public assistance program
● Exercising rights under the Consumer Credit Protection Act in good
faith
● Gender/gender identity/gender expression
● Sexual Orientation
● Veteran/servicemember status
● Disability
● Pregnancy
● HIV Status
● Ancestry
Disparate Impact The application of facially neutral policies or practices that have an adverse
effect or impact on a member of a Protected Class.
Disparate A creditor treats a consumer differently based on a Prohibited Basis.
Treatment
Overt A creditor openly discriminates on a Prohibited Basis.
Discrimination
Model Any algorithm or calculus consisting of three components: an information
input component, which delivers assumptions and data to the model; a
processing component, which transforms inputs into estimates; and a
reporting component, which translates the estimates into useful business
information, including quantitative approaches whose inputs are partially or
wholly qualitative or based on expert judgment, provided that the output is
quantitative in nature. Models can be first party (developed internally) or
third party (obtained from an external source). The same rules, with limited
exceptions for self-testing as set forth in the Self-Testing of Models
Standard, apply to first and third party models.
2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1 Anti-Discrimination
Block does not discriminate against any applicant, consumer or customer on a Prohibited Basis
regarding any aspect of a credit transaction.
3

● Aspects of a credit transaction include, but are not limited to, application procedures,
criteria used to evaluate creditworthiness, administration of accounts, and treatment of
delinquent or slow accounts.
● Discrimination includes Overt Discrimination and Disparate Treatment.
● Block may accept some level of Disparate Impact risk in accordance with, and in
adherence to, Section 2.10 of this Policy, the ECOA Self-Test Standard, and the Attributional
Proxy Review Standard.
2.2 No Discouragement
Block does not make any oral or written statements, in advertising or otherwise, to applicants or
prospective applicants that would discourage on a Prohibited Basis a reasonable person from
making or pursuing an application.
2.3 Collection of Information
As a general matter, Block may request any information in connection with a credit transaction,
subject to any Federal or state law regarding privacy, privileged information, credit reporting
limitations, or similar restrictions on obtainable information. Block may not collect information
related to Prohibited Bases, except under the following circumstances.
● Block may inquire about the race, color, religion, national origin, or sex of an applicant or
any other person in connection with a credit transaction for the purpose of conducting a
self-test that meets the requirements of Reg B. If Block makes such an inquiry, it must
disclose orally or in writing, at the time the information is requested, that:
○ The applicant will not be required to provide the information;
○ Block is requesting the information to monitor its compliance with the Federal Equal
Credit Opportunity Act;
○ Federal law prohibits Block from discriminating on the basis of this information, or
on the basis of an applicant's decision not to furnish the information; and
○ If applicable, certain information will be collected based on visual observation or
surname if not provided by the applicant or other person.
● Block may request that an applicant designate a title on an application form (such as Ms.,
Miss, Mr., or Mrs.) if the form discloses that the designation of a title is optional. Block may
only use application forms that are otherwise neutral as to sex.
● Block may not request any information concerning the spouse or former spouse of an
applicant, unless:
○ The spouse will be permitted to use the account;
○ The spouse will be contractually liable on the account;
○ The applicant is relying on the spouse's income as a basis for repayment of the credit
requested;
○ The applicant resides in a community property state or is relying on property located in
such a state as a basis for repayment of the credit requested; or
○ The applicant is relying on alimony, child support, or separate maintenance payments
from a spouse or former spouse as a basis for repayment of the credit requested.
4

● Block may request that an applicant list any account on which the applicant is contractually
liable and to provide the name and address of the person in whose name the account is held.
Block may also ask an applicant to list the names in which the applicant has previously
received credit.
● If an applicant applies for individual unsecured credit, Block may not inquire about the
applicant's marital status unless the applicant resides in a community property state or is
relying on property located in such a state as a basis for repayment of the credit requested. If
an application is for other than individual unsecured credit, Block may inquire about the
applicant's marital status, but shall use only the terms married, unmarried, and separated.
Block may explain that the category unmarried includes single, divorced, and widowed
persons.
● Block may not inquire whether income stated in an application is derived from alimony, child
support, or separate maintenance payments unless Block discloses to the applicant that such
income need not be revealed if the applicant does not want Block to consider it in determining
the applicant's creditworthiness.
● Block may not inquire about birth control practices, intentions concerning the bearing or
rearing of children, or capability to bear children. Block may inquire about the number and ages
of an applicant's dependents or about dependent-related financial obligations or expenditures,
provided such information is requested without regard to sex, marital status, or any other
Prohibited Basis.
● Block may inquire about the permanent residency and immigration status of an applicant or any
other person in connection with a credit transaction.
2.4 Evaluation of Applications
Generally, Block may consider any information obtained, so long as the information is not used to
discriminate against an applicant on a Prohibited Basis. Block may not take a Prohibited Basis into
account in any system of evaluating an applicantʼs creditworthiness.
● Block may not take into account an applicant's age (provided that the applicant has the
capacity to enter into a binding contract) or whether an applicant's income derives from
any public assistance program.
● In an empirically derived, demonstrably and statistically sound, credit scoring system,
Block may use an applicant's age as a predictive variable, provided that the age of an
elderly applicant is not assigned a negative factor or value.
● In a judgmental system of evaluating creditworthiness, Block may consider an applicant's
age or whether an applicant's income derives from any public assistance program only for
the purpose of determining a pertinent element of creditworthiness.
● In any system of evaluating creditworthiness, Block may consider the age of an elderly
applicant when such age is used to favor the elderly applicant in extending credit.
● In evaluating creditworthiness, a creditor shall not make assumptions or use aggregate
statistics relating to the likelihood that any category of persons will bear or rear children or
will, for that reason, receive diminished or interrupted income in the future.
● Block may not take into account whether there is a telephone listing in the name of an
applicant for consumer credit but may take into account whether there is a telephone in the
applicant's residence.
5

● Block may not discount or exclude from consideration the income of an applicant or the
spouse of an applicant because of a Prohibited Basis or because the income is derived
from part-time employment or is an annuity, pension, or other retirement benefit; Block
may consider the amount and probable continuance of any income in evaluating an
applicant's creditworthiness. When an applicant relies on alimony, child support, or
separate maintenance payments in applying for credit, Block must consider such payments
as income to the extent that they are likely to be consistently made.
● To the extent that Block considers credit history in evaluating the creditworthiness of
similarly qualified applicants for a similar type and amount of credit, in evaluating an
applicant's creditworthiness Block must consider:
○ The credit history, when available, of accounts designated as accounts that the
applicant and the applicant's spouse are permitted to use or for which both are
contractually liable;
○ On the applicant's request, any information the applicant may present that tends to
indicate the credit history being considered by the creditor does not accurately
reflect the applicant's creditworthiness; and
○ On the applicant's request, the credit history, when available, of any account
reported in the name of the applicant's spouse or former spouse that the applicant
can demonstrate accurately reflects the applicant's creditworthiness.
● Block may consider the applicant's immigration status or status as a permanent resident of
the United States, and any additional information that may be necessary to ascertain its
rights and remedies regarding repayment.
● Except as otherwise permitted or required by law, Block must evaluate married and
unmarried applicants by the same standards; and in evaluating joint applicants, a creditor
shall not treat applicants differently based on the existence, absence, or likelihood of a
marital relationship between the parties.
● Except as otherwise permitted or required by law, Block may not consider race, color,
religion, national origin, or sex (or an applicant's or other person's decision not to provide
the information) in any aspect of a credit transaction.
2.5 Extensions of Credit
Block must abide by the following rules when extending credit:
● Block may not refuse to grant an individual account to a creditworthy applicant on the basis
of sex, marital status, or any other Prohibited Basis.
● Block may not refuse to allow an applicant to open or maintain an account in a birth-given
first name and a surname that is the applicant's birth-given surname, the spouse's
surname, or a combined surname.
● Block may not require the signature of an applicant's spouse or other person, other than a
joint applicant, on any credit instrument if the applicant qualifies under Blockʼs standards of
creditworthiness for the amount and terms of the credit requested. Block may not deem the
submission of a joint financial statement or other evidence of jointly held assets as an
application for joint credit. If an applicant requests unsecured credit and relies in part upon
property that the applicant owns jointly with another person to satisfy the Blockʼs standards
of creditworthiness, Block may require the signature of the other person only on the
6

instrument(s) necessary, or that Block reasonably believes to be necessary, under the law
of the state in which the property is located, to enable Block to reach the property being
relied upon in the event of the death or default of the applicant.
● If a married applicant requests unsecured credit and resides in a community property state,
or if the applicant is relying on property located in such a state, Block may require the
signature of the spouse on any instrument necessary, or that Block reasonably believes to
be necessary, under applicable state law to make the community property available to
satisfy the debt in the event of default if:
○ Applicable state law denies the applicant power to manage or control sufficient
community property to qualify for the credit requested under the creditor's
standards of creditworthiness; and
○ The applicant does not have sufficient separate property to qualify for the credit
requested without regard to community property.
● If, under Blockʼs standards of creditworthiness, the personal liability of an additional party
is necessary to support the credit requested, Block may request a cosigner, guarantor,
endorser, or similar party. The applicant's spouse may serve as an additional party, but
Block may not require that the spouse be the additional party. Block may not impose
requirements on an additional party that Block is prohibited from imposing upon an
applicant as described above.
2.6 Special Purpose Credit Program
Block does not offer any special purpose credit programs as of the Effective Date of this Policy.
2.7 Notifications & Adverse Action
Block must provide certain notifications of actions taken under certain circumstances. These
notifications must be provided within:
● 30 days after receiving a completed application concerning Blockʼs approval of,
counteroffer to, or adverse action on the application;
● 30 days after taking adverse action on an incomplete application (“Adverse Action Noticeˮ),
unless Block sends a notice to the applicant specifying the information needed (“Notice of
Incomplete Applicationˮ), designating a reasonable period of time for the applicant to
provide the information, and informing the applicant that failure to provide the information
requested will result in no further consideration being given to the application. Block has no
further obligation under this section if the applicant fails to respond within the designated
time period. If the applicant supplies the requested information within the designated time
period, Block must take action on the application and notify the applicant in accordance
with these rules;
● 30 days after taking adverse action on an existing account (“Adverse Action Noticeˮ); or
● 90 days after notifying the applicant of a counteroffer if the applicant does not expressly
accept or use the credit offered.
A notification given to an applicant when adverse action is taken must be in writing and must
specify the action taken; the name and address of the creditor; a statement of the provisions of
7

ECOA section 701(a) (below); the name and address of the Federal agency that administers
compliance with respect to Block; and either:
● A statement of specific reasons for the action taken; or
● A disclosure of the applicant's right to a statement of specific reasons within 30 days, if the
statement is requested within 60 days of Blockʼs notification. The disclosure must include
the name, address, and telephone number of the person or office from which the statement
of reasons can be obtained. If Block chooses to provide the reasons orally, Block must also
disclose the applicant's right to have them confirmed in writing within 30 days of receiving
the applicant's written request for confirmation.
○ Section 701(a) Notice: The Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits creditors
from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin, sex, marital status, age (provided the applicant has the capacity to
enter into a binding contract); because all or part of the applicant's income derives
from any public assistance program; or because the applicant has in good faith
exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. The Federal agency
that administers compliance with this law concerning this creditor is the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau, 1700 G Street NW, Washington, D.C. 20552.
● With regard to a business that had gross revenues of more than $1 million in its preceding
fiscal year, Block must notify the applicant, within a reasonable time, orally or in writing, of
the action taken; and provide a written statement of the reasons for adverse action and the
ECOA notice described above if the applicant makes a written request for the reasons
within 60 days of Blockʼs notification.
● With regard to a business that had gross revenues of $1 million or less in its preceding
fiscal year, Block must comply with requirements of 12 CFR 1002.9(a)(1) and (a)(2), except
that Block may notify the applicant within 30 days, orally or in writing, of the action taken;
and disclose the applicant's right to a statement of reasons at the time of application,
instead of when adverse action is taken.
● The statement of reasons for adverse action must be specific and indicate the principal
reason(s) for the adverse action. Statements that the adverse action was based on Blockʼs
internal standards or policies or that the applicant, joint applicant, or similar party failed to
achieve a qualifying score on Blockʼs credit scoring system are insufficient. Block may list
up to 4 reasons, unless the 5th reason is “too many credit inquiries,ˮ in which case it may
list that reason as the 5th reason.
● When an applicant submits an application and the parties contemplate that the applicant
will inquire about its status, if Block approves the application and the applicant has not
inquired within 30 days after applying, Block may treat the application as withdrawn and
does not have to send the notice described above.
● When an application involves more than one applicant, Block only needs to notify one of
them, but must be given to the primary applicant where one is readily apparent.
2.8 Furnishing Credit Information
Block does not furnish credit information as of the effective date of this Policy.
2.9 State ECOA Type Laws
8

Block must comply with state anti-discrimination laws in addition to ECOA in all aspects of the
credit lifecycle. This includes state laws that are more restrictive than the federal ECOA, inclusive
of designation of and Prohibited Bases.1
2.10 Incentives for Self-Testing and Self-Corrections
Block may choose to engage in self-testing2 as defined in ECOA to obtain certain legal privilege. A
“self-testˮ is any program, practice, or study that:
● Is designed and used specifically to determine the extent or effectiveness of Blockʼs
compliance with ECOA; and
● Creates data or factual information that is not available and cannot be derived from loan or
application files or other records related to credit transactions.
All self-tests must be performed under the direction of the Legal Counsel to retain the privilege. Legal
Counsel need not approve each individual test, but must approve a schedule of tests and
modifications thereto, including special purpose tests.
Block acknowledges that to claim privilege, it must take corrective actions when the self-test shows
that it is more likely than not that a violation occurred, even though no violation has been formally
adjudicated. Block takes corrective action that is reasonably likely to remedy the cause and effect of a
likely violation, when appropriate, by:
● Identifying the policies or practices that are the likely cause of the violation; and
● Assessing the extent and scope of any violation.
Appropriate corrective action may include both prospective and remedial relief. Block may provide
remedial relief to a tester used in a self-test, but is required to provide remedial relief to an
applicant identified by the self-test as one whose rights were more likely than not violated, unless
the statute of limitations applicable to the violation expired before Block obtained the results of the
self-test or the applicant is otherwise ineligible for such relief.
Please consult Legal Counsel for questions regarding scope of the privilege. Block understands
that it loses the privilege if it:
● Voluntarily discloses any part of the report or results, or any other information privileged
under this section, to an applicant or government agency or to the public;
● Discloses any part of the report or results, or any other information privileged under this
section, as a defense to charges that the creditor has violated the Act or regulation; or
● Fails or is unable to produce written or recorded information about the self-test that is
required to be retained under the record retention provisions (see Section 3.4 below) when
the information is needed to determine whether the privilege applies.
1 This Policy defines “Prohibited Basesˮ broadly to encompass prohibited bases under ECOA and various state laws.
State-based prohibited bases are subject to the same requirements, restrictions and limitations set forth in this Policy.
2 Self-testing under ECOA is permissive, but is a required component of 117 for purposes of MRM. MRM is governed by the
Model Risk Management Policy. Block may use testing conducted pursuant to that Policy to satisfy ECOAʼs self-test
provisions, provided the 117 test is structured appropriately to capture disparate impact risk.
9

2.11 Less Discriminatory Alternatives
When a model that is subject to a self-test, or otherwise, shows evidence of statistically
significant3 Disparate Impact, Block must engage in an analysis to determine whether a less
discriminatory alternative exists that achieves the same business purpose, in accordance with the
ECOA Self-Testing of Models Standard.
2.12 Unfair, Deceptive, and Abusive Acts and Practices
Block is committed to fairly offering its products and services in accordance with applicable state
and federal consumer protection laws and regulations, which includes the principles of UDAAP.
Block will not treat customers unfairly at any stage in the lifecycles of its products, including but
not limited to, account opening, servicing, collections, and marketing. For more information, see
Blockʼs Unfair, Deceptive, and Abusive Acts and Practices Policy.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Compliance Policy Committee (“CPCˮ):
○ Provides oversight and governance of applicable Compliance Policies and is
responsible for reviewing and approving this Policy annually to ensure alignment
with regulatory requirements and expectations
○ Providing guidance on significant policy matters
○ Ensuring consistency across Blockʼs Compliance Policy Framework
● Block Inc, Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ)
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the organization
○ Establishes appropriate practices designed to ensure Company operations reflect
Block's commitment to compliance
○ Ensures all Employees are aware of their compliance responsibilities
○ Monitors and reports on compliance with this Policy
○ May delegate responsibilities to relevant Senior Management or Compliance
Employees who inform and escalate key risks and issues to the CCO
● Head of Consumer Protection
○ Serves as the primary delegate for the CCO in matters relating to this Policy
○ Oversees the development and maintenance of compliance procedures
○ Coordinates policy reviews and updates
○ Manages the policy exception process
● Legal Counsel
3 Block employs the industry standard Adverse Impact Ratio AIR of 90% for purposes of statistical significance.
10

○ Provides approval and interpretative advice regarding the applicability and
application of policy requirements
○ Ensures legal compliance across all jurisdictions
○ Provides guidance on complex compliance matters
● Employees
○ Understand and comply with all applicable requirements of this Policy
○ Complete required compliance training in a timely manner
○ Report actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements
○ Follow proper procedures for email communications
○ Maintain awareness of updates and changes to requirements
● Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending & Credit
○ Oversees the day-to-day operations of the Fair and Responsible Lending Program
○ Together with Legal Counsel, ensures Fair & Responsible Lending Program
components are functioning as intended
○ Provides interpretative advice regarding the applicability and application of the
requirements of this Policy to Blockʼs business and operational activities.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
○ Policies and standards
○ Procedures
○ Audit/exam findings
○ Issues management
○ Training
○ Complaints
3.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
○ Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy, or
○ Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
11

The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy Owner.
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Amanda C… Regulatory Initial Appro… Attestation to Oct 10, 2025
Counsel Document
Contents
Corey Cha… Business Product Initial Appro… Attestation to Oct 15, 2025
Compliance Lead, Document
Lending & Credit Contents
Compliance Compliance Initial Appro… Approval of Oct 30, 2025
Policy Policy Committee up-leveled Block,
Committee Inc. Document to
include coverage
for Block, Inc. and
applicable
brands.
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope US
12

Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending &
Credit
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
13