Servicemembers Civil
Relief Act Policy
Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product |
Block, Inc.
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Cash App US and
on a need-to-know basis.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 7
4. Policy Requirements 7
4.1 SCRA Policy Requirements 7
5. Document Management 10
5.1 Document Owner 10
5.2 Review and Approval 10
6. Training 10
7. Monitoring and Reporting 10
8. Exceptions 10
9. Record Retention 11
10. Related Documentation or References 11
12. Document Details 12
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Active Duty The term “Active Duty” means full-time duty in the active Military Service of
the United States. Such term includes full-time training duty, annual training
duty, and attendance, while in active Military Service, at a school designated as
a service school by law or by the Secretary of the military department
concerned. This term does not include full-time National Guard duty.
Credit Products Any of Cash App US’s lending products including (1) Borrow (2) Pre-Purchase
Financing (3) Retroactive Financing or (4) Cash App Afterpay Online Checkout,
unless otherwise noted.
Default Judgment A judgment against an individual in any civil action or proceeding where the
defendant or the defendant’s attorney does not make an appearance.
Department of A public database that allows Cash App US (or its agent or attorney) to
Defense Manpower determine if an individual is a Servicemember on Active Duty Military Service.
Data Center Website
(“DMDC” Website)
Dependent Dependents are permitted to request relief under the Servicemembers Civil
Relief Act (SCRA). These dependents can include the Servicemember’s
spouse, the Servicemember’s child, or an individual for whom the
Servicemember provided more than one-half of the individual’s support for 180
days immediately preceding an application for relief under the SCRA.
Dependents are permitted to request relief under the SCRA.
Military Service The term "Military Service" means:
● A member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Space Force, or
Coast Guard on Active Duty;
● Reservists on federal Active Duty;
● A member of the National Guard on service under a call to Active Duty
for a period of more than 30 consecutive days for purposes of
responding to a national emergency declared by the President and
supported by Federal funds;
● A commissioned officer of the Public Health Service or the National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on Active Duty; and
● Any period during which a Servicemember is absent from duty on
account of sickness, wounds, leave, or other lawful cause.
● A citizen of the United States who is serving with the forces of a nation
with which the United States is allied in the prosecution of a war or
military action.
Period of Military The period beginning on the date on which a Servicemember enters Military
Service Service and ending on the date on which the Servicemember is discharged
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
from Military Service, within 90 days of discharge or dies while in Military
Service. For reservists, the period beginning on the date of the military orders
and ending on the date on which the Servicemember is released from Military
Service or dies while in Military Service. In computing the statute of
limitations, Cash App US will not include a Servicemember’s Military Service.
Servicemember Full-time members of the uniformed services, including United States Army,
Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, Space Force, Officers of the Public
Health Services, the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration, and members of the Active Duty Reserves, or
members of the National Guard called to active service (including persons
ordered to report for induction, basic training, or special job school) as
authorized by the President or Secretary of Defense for a period of more than
30 consecutive days.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be responsible for
establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that Cash App
operations reflect Cash App’s commitment to compliance and that all Staff
Members are aware of that commitment and their individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and reporting on
compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of Compliance may delegate to
others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and
reporting that support this Policy.
Product Compliance The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and is
Lead responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to
this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations, (iii)
ensuring regulatory risks are identified in documentation, (iv) providing and
communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including
business partners, (v) liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy
updates, (vi) conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating
and overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Staff Members Cash App’s Staff Members are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii) completing
any required compliance training in a timely manner, and (iii) promptly
reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Lending Regulatory Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
Counsel regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Cash App’s (“Cash App”) commitment to
comply with the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (“SCRA”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their
designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to establish and define guidelines for Cash App to comply with all applicable
provisions of SCRA. SCRA governs how financial institutions treat loans when a borrower is called to Active
Duty Military Service, and the benefits extended to the Dependents of the impacted Servicemember.
The SCRA applies to any and all debts, or portions thereof, incurred prior to the Servicemember’s Active
Duty Military Service. Certain provisions of the SCRA apply to debt products regardless of when they were
opened.
3. Scope
This Policy governs Cash App’s Credit Products in the United States and sets out the approach to SCRA
compliance, where applicable. This Policy has been created to ensure that Cash App and relevant Staff
Members are aware of and comply with the expectations of SCRA.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 SCRA Policy Requirements
For most Servicemembers, the SCRA’s benefits and protections begin on the date that the Servicemember is
called to Active Duty Military Service. However, reservists and members of the National Guard who are
ordered to report to Active Duty Military Service are entitled to receive the benefits and protections under
the SCRA beginning on the date of the Servicemember’s receipt of orders calling them to Active Duty
Military Service.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Interest Rate Benefit. An Active Duty Servicemember is eligible for an interest rate cap at 6%,
inclusive of fees (fees may include, but are not limited to, any applicable late fees or set up fees). To
qualify for the interest rate cap, the Servicemember must request such relief. To be approved for
such relief, the Servicemember must demonstrate that they are either: (i) on Active Duty; or (ii)
submit their request within 180 days of termination of Active Duty for a retroactive reduction of
interest at 6% in which Cash App will provide an interest and fee refund, as necessary. In order to
receive the SCRA benefits, the Servicemember must provide one of the following:
○ A copy of the Servicemember’s orders calling the Servicemember to Active Duty service;
or
○ A properly completed Department of Defense Short Form.
Cash App will implement the 6% interest rate cap limitation as of the date the Servicemember enters
active duty (or receipt of orders if reservist) and will maintain the benefit for 90 days after the date of
discharge. Any interest in excess of 6% is forgiven and not deferred, and no fees of any kind will be
assessed to the account. These requirements are only applicable to loans made prior to the borrower
entering active duty.
If Cash App receives notice that a Servicemember is on Active Duty and the Servicemember has not
provided a copy of the requested documents to verify Active Duty status, Cash App will review the
DMDC Website to determine whether the SCRA benefits will be applied to the account. If Cash App is
able to confirm eligibility via the DMDC Website, Cash App will proactively apply the SCRA benefits
to the Servicemember’s account, which includes any applicable refunds of interest or reimbursement
of fees. If Cash App is not able to confirm eligibility via DMDC Website, Cash App will provide the
results of the review to the Servicemember and allow the Servicemember to provide the requested
documentation to obtain the benefit.
Cash App will not sell the debt to any third party or initiate legal action against the Servicemember
during such time that the Servicemember is on Active Duty or for 90 days thereafter. Proof of military
enrollment and Active Duty will be required.
It is important to note that a Servicemember’s exercise of their rights under the SCRA, does not
affect their ability to enter into a future financial transaction with Cash App. Additionally, a power of
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
attorney shall be automatically extended for the period a Servicemember is in a “missing” status, as
defined by section 551(2) of title 37 of the SCRA.
● Default Judgment Protection. The SCRA provides certain protections for individuals facing a Default
Judgment. In every instance that Cash App seeks a Default Judgment against a defendant, Cash App
(or its attorney or agent) must perform a search of the DMDC Website to determine whether that
defendant is on Active Duty. Regardless of the outcome, as part of the motion for a Default
Judgment, Cash App (or its attorney or agent) must file an affidavit stating whether the defendant is
in Military Service and showing necessary facts to support the affidavit. If Cash App is unable to
determine a defendant’s military status, Cash App (or its attorney or agent) must file an affidavit
stating that it is unable to determine whether the defendant is in Military Service. After filing such an
affidavit, Cash App will comply with any ruling that the court may make to protect the interests of the
defendant. This Default Judgment protection under the SCRA applies to debts incurred before
entering Active Duty and debts incurred while on Active Duty. If a court stays the applicability of a
contract to a Servicemember as provided under the SCRA, Cash App will not assess penalties
against the Servicemember for failure to comply with the requirements of the contract during the
stay period under the SCRA.
● Waiver of Benefits and Protections. A Servicemember may waive any of the rights and protections of
the SCRA, provided that waiver is in the form of signed written instrument executed during or after a
Servicemembers’ period of service. In certain instances, a Servicemember may find it advantageous
to waive the SCRA protections, such as when the Servicemember does not object to Cash App taking
collection actions against him or her. In all communications regarding the effect of a waiver, Cash
App will not misrepresent any of the requirements or effects of signing such a waiver. Cash App will
not request or require that Servicemembers waive their legal rights in order to receive SCRA’s
benefits and protections, or as a condition of obtaining or maintaining credit.
● Protections of Persons Secondarily Liable. Upon application to a court by someone who is
secondarily liable on a Servicemember's obligation or liability, the SCRA allows a court to protect
those who are secondarily liable on an obligation or liability involving a Servicemember to the same
extent as the SCRA does to the Servicemember himself or herself.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition,
any modifications to this policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in
accordance with the Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval
Matrix.
6. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all Staff
Members commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Staff Members engaged in the activity or
performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training upon hire
and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are outlined in
Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to approve
exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not
violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that Cash App will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
Cash App will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.'s document retention guidelines.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Global Complaint Policy
Related Program Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program Standard
Related References:
Regulation Name Servicemembers Civil Relief Act
11. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Maya Parekh Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Approv… Jan 6, 2025
Counsel
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chambe… Product Creation Initial creation of Jan 10, 2025
Compliance Lead policy
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Initial Appro… Initial approval of Jan 13, 2025
Compliance policy
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Initial Appro… Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Corey Chambe… Product Material Cha… Addition of new Mar 14, 2025
Compliance Lead credit product
within policy
scope
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Compliance credit product
within policy
scope
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Committee Committee credit product
within policy
scope
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [United States]
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date Apr 1, 2025
Effective Date Apr 1, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually [January 2026]
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
12