Lending Operations
Complaints Standard
Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product |
Block, Inc.
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
2

Confidential
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 7
4. Standard Requirements 7
4.1 Defining Complaints 7
4.2 Complaint Paths and Corresponding Service Level Agreements (“SLA”) 8
4.3 Complaint Severity Tiering 9
4.4 Tier 1 Complaints: Legal Tags 10
4.4.1 Fair Lending Legal Tag 10
4.4.2 UDAAP Legal Tag 11
4.4.3 No Legal Tag 11
4.5 Global Taxonomies 11
4.6 Other Complaint Data Elements 12
5. Lending Complaints Governance 13
5.1 Lending Complaints Program Testing, Monitoring and Reporting 13
6. Document Management 14
6.1 Document Owner 14
6.2 Review and Approval 15
7. Training 15
7.1 Complaints New Hire Training 15
7.2 Cash App Lending Complaints Training 15
8. Monitoring and Reporting 15
9. Exceptions 15
10. Record Retention 16
11. Related Documentation or References 16
12. Revision and Approval History 16
13. Document Details 17
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
3

Confidential
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Banking Partner Cash App engages with bank partners and other third parties to offer products
and services and may have contractual obligations set by those partners with
which Cash App must comply.
Complaint An expression of dissatisfaction or grievance (oral or written) by an individual,
business entity, or someone authorized to act on their behalf, with a Cash App
product, process, service, decision, vendor, or interaction, regardless of the
validity. Complaints are more than just the ‘words’ but also are identified by
the tone of and intention behind the Consumer outreach, as well as sentiments
of a breach in the business’ responsibilities. Complaints may also include
allegations that Cash App engaged in wrongful or unfair conduct. Complaints
do not include disputes of authorized or erroneous electronic funds transfers,
which are handled through a distinct process according to relevant policies
and procedures.
Consumer Consumer refers to an individual who is a natural person who obtains or has
obtained a financial product or service from Cash App that is to be used
primarily for personal, family or household purposes.
Consumer Harm Consumer Harm is any actual or potential loss or injury to a Consumer, whether
financial or non-financial, that may be caused by the violation of federal or
state consumer protection laws or regulations, or by weaknesses in the
compliance management system.
Credit Products Credit Products encompass Cash App US’s lending products (Cash App
Borrow, Pre-Purchase Financing, and Retroactive Financing) unless otherwise
noted.
Fair Lending The unbiased treatment of all Consumers when making credit-related
decisions and the availability of credit to all creditworthy applicants without
regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age
(provided the applicant has the capacity to contract); to the fact that all or part
of the applicant's income derives from a public assistance program; or to the
fact that the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the
Consumer Credit Protection Act. Fair Lending also prohibits creditor practices
that discriminate on the basis of any of these factors.
Legal Tag A classification used to identify and categorize Complaints that involve
potential legal issues or have legal implications.
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
4

Confidential
Service Level Service Level Agreement is the maximum allotted time for intake-to-resolution
Agreement (“SLA”) of consumer complaints. SLAs are measured in business days, unless
otherwise determined by a third party.
Unfair, Deceptive or Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices (UDAAP) is the standard of
Abusive Acts or fairness pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that protects consumers from unfair,
Practices (“UDAAP”) deceptive, or abusive acts or practices that can cause significant financial
injury to consumers, erode consumer confidence, and undermine the financial
marketplace. Consumer complaints play a key role in detecting UDAAP
violations.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Consumer Responsible for:
Protection ● Ensuring this Standard and its accompanying Program reflect industry
Compliance Lead best practices and applicable regulatory guidance;
● Ensuring regulatory risks are identified in documentation;
● Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant
stakeholders including business partners;
● Provide oversight and guidance to business units in implementing
Standard requirements;
● Conducting periodic review(s) of the Standard; and
● Delegating and overseeing documentation requirements, as needed.
Cash App Consumer Responsible for:
Protection ● Serving as a subject matter expert for content relevant to this
Compliance Standard;
● Provide oversight and guidance to business units in implementing
Program Manager(s)
Standard requirements; and
● Conducting periodic reviews of the Standard.
Cash App Head of Responsible for:
Compliance ● Ensuring appropriate resources and support are available to implement
this Standard;
● Serves as an escalation point for matters related to this Standard;
● Ensuring that appropriate workforce are trained on relevant topics from
this Standard at least annually commensurate with their roles
and responsibilities.
● As appropriate, the Head of Compliance may delegate the above
responsibilities to relevant Senior Management, the Cash App
Consumer Protection Compliance Lead or Compliance Staff who
inform and escalate key risks and Issues to the Head of Compliance.
Cash App Lending The Cash App Lending Operations Team supports Consumers with product or
Operations Team service questions or concerns. All Consumer-facing staff are trained on how to
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
5

Confidential
properly identify a Complaint during their interactions, as well as the process
for escalating to the Complaints Management Team.
Cash App Lending The Complaints Management team, a team within Cash App Lending
Complaints Operations (“CCO”) that oversees the investigation, resolution, root cause
Management Team analysis and reporting of all Complaints received by Cash Lending Operations.
The Team provides data insights to drive process and training improvements.
Counsel Cash App’s legal counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding
the applicability and application of the requirements of this Standard to Cash
App’s business and operational activities.
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
6

Confidential
1. Introduction
This Lending Complaints Standard (“Standard”) outlines Cash App Lending Operations’ approach to the
intake, investigation and resolution of Complaints related to Cash App Credit Products. The Cash App
Consumer Protection Lead is responsible for management of this Standard.
2. Purpose
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this
Standard is to further Cash App Lending Operation’s process for the intake, investigation and resolution of
Consumer Complaints. This Standard also outlines the Tier 1 Complaint identification requirements for
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts and Practices (“UDAAP”) pursuant to the Dodd Frank Act and the Equal
Credit Opportunity Act (“ECOA”) implemented by Regulation B, which prohibits discrimination in any aspect
of a credit transaction.
3. Scope
This Standard is established by Cash App, a line of business under Block, Inc., and is applicable to the
management of Complaints alleged against Cash App’s Credit Products received both internally and
externally within the United States.
4. Standard Requirements
This Standard provides a framework and guiding principles for Complaint management at Cash App. This
framework includes, but is not limited to an established process for the governance, intake, and complaint
classification and categorization.
4.1 Defining Complaints
Cash App uses the following classifications to identify Consumer Complaints for its Credit Products.
● A Complaint is defined as: An expression of dissatisfaction or grievance (oral or written) by an
individual, business entity, or someone authorized to act on their behalf, with a Cash App product,
process, service, decision, vendor, or interaction regardless of the validity.
● Complaints are more than just the ‘words’ but also are identified by the tone of and intention
behind the Consumer outreach, as well as sentiments of a breach in the business’
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
7

Confidential
responsibilities. Complaints may also include allegations that Cash App engaged in wrongful or
unfair conduct.
A Complaint does not include:
● A communication that includes general questions, comments, or opinions about a Cash App
product, process, service, decision, or interaction;
● An expression of dissatisfaction with respect to matters other than Cash App’s products or
services;
● An expression of dissatisfaction communicated within survey responses;
● An expression of dissatisfaction communicated via automated account review and
communication mechanisms;
● Disputes of authorized or erroneous electronic funds transfers, which are handled through a
distinct process according to relevant policies and procedures;
● Third parties not in purview of Cash App.
4.2 Complaint Paths and Corresponding Service Level Agreements (“SLA”)
It is helpful to understand the different paths in which Cash App receives Complaints for Credit Products and
services and our corresponding internal SLAs in which Cash App aims to respond to the communication. The
target compliance rate for all SLAs is 100%. This information is reported in the Monthly Complaints Report.
Complaint Path Description SLA
Cash Force 1 Complaint Intake Cash App’s iteration of Salesforce allows for Initial
Form Complaints to be flagged directly from cases. The Response: 5
Complaint Intake Form confirms the details of the business days
Complaint, the business line, and the state of the
Consumer’s residence.
Flag a Complaint Field This field in Cash Force One (Cash Apps Instance of Initial
Salesforce Service Cloud), also known as “CF1”, will Response: 5
be used by Customer Success to escalate business days
Complaints to Complaints Management for
review/resolution.
Case Escalations Lending Operations Advocates will use the Case Initial
Escalation process to gain Lending Advanced Response:
Support assistance when they are unable to Same Day
de-escalate a Consumer. This transfer takes place
in the email feature in CF1. The Lending Advanced
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
8

Confidential
Support Specialist will continue in the original CF1
case, using case notes and then Flag a Complaint
Field (as appropriate) to log the intake, investigation
and resolution process.
Regulatory (CFPB and other Cash App Credit Product Consumers may present a CFPB
federal/state agencies) formal Complaint to federal or state regulatory Complaints: 15
bodies such as the Consumer Financial Protection calendar days
Bureau (“CFPB”) in the US. The External Complaints
function within the Cash Complaint Operations State
Team (“CCOT”) monitors the CFPB portal and Complaints:
addresses these Complaints in partnership with the 15-30 calendar
Lending Complaints Management team. To ensure depending on
these Complaints are accurately included in state
reporting for the Cash App Lending program, a
separate Lending Complaint form must be
recorded.
Better Business Bureau The BBB is a private, nonprofit organization that Response to
(“BBB”) provides companies with a rating based on Consumer via
Consumer feedback in the US. The External BBB: 10
Complaints function within the CCOT monitors the calendar days
BBB portal and addresses these Complaints in
partnership with the Lending Complaints
Management team. To ensure these Complaints are
accurately included in reporting for the Cash App
Lending program, a separate Lending Complaint
form must be recorded.
4.3 Complaint Severity Tiering
It is Cash App’s approach to review, address and respond to each Complaint appropriately considering the
complexity and urgency of each Complaint. Complaint Taxonomies are used to categorize Complaints based
on common characteristics or themes and are identified by using “trigger terms” that the Consumer may use
when surfacing a Complaint.
Complaints are classified in tiers, as follows:
Complaint Tier Description
Tier 1 ● Better Business Bureau Complaints and Complaints received
through a third-party including but not limited to the Consumer
(High Risk)
Financial Protection Bureau, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
9

Confidential
State Attorneys General, or any other governmental agency, official,
or elected representative;
● Any Complaints alleging Unfair, Deceptive or Abusive Acts or
Practices (“UDAAP”or Fair Lending violations;
● Complaints that threatens material litigation, regulatory action or
material reputational damage received by or referencing senior
management by name or title of any Party related to the Program
("Executive Complaint");
● Complaints received from a Consumer’s attorney or any Consumer
who is a practicing attorney; or
● Escalated Tier 2 or Tier 3 Complaints.
Tier 2 ● Any Complaint that might be indicative of a failure to follow established
procedures that does not on its premise qualify as Tier 1; or
(Medium Risk)
● Escalated Tier 3 Complaints.
Tier 3 ● Any Complaint that might be indicative of a failure to follow established
procedures that does not on its premise qualify as Tier 1 or Tier 2 and
(Low Risk)
lack materiality.
4.4 Tier 1 Complaints: Legal Tags
4.4.1 Fair Lending Legal Tag
A Tier 1 Complaint should be tagged as Fair Lending if it alleges that discrimination, discouragement or
steering occurred at any point in the life-cycle (including, but not limited to: advertising, marketing,
application, servicing or collection) of a credit transaction based on one or more of the following protected
classes:
● Race or Color;
● Religion;
● National origin;
● Sex;
● Marital status;
● Age, as long as the applicant is able to enter into a contract;
● Receipt of income from a public assistance program;
● Exercising rights under the Consumer Credit Protection Act in good faith;
● Gender/gender identity/gender expression;
● Sexual orientation;
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
10

Confidential
● Veteran/servicemember status;
● Disability;
● Pregnancy;
● HIV status;
● Ancestry;
● Immigration status; or
● Any other factor unrelated to the consumer's creditworthiness.
4.4.2 UDAAP Legal Tag
Tier 1 Complaints should be tagged as UDAAP in situations where Consumer’s claim:
● That they were harmed or at risk of being harmed (either monetarily or otherwise) in a way
that they could not avoid and was Cash App’s fault; and/or
● The Consumer claims they were provided with incorrect information (e.g. misled, tricked,
deceived, lied to, etc.) which harmed them; and/or
● Cash App representatives or products took advantage of their lack of understanding or
intentionally prevented them from getting the information they needed to make an informed
decision.
4.4.3 No Legal Tag
● Not all Tier 1 Complaints will have a Legal Tag. This option is used when no Legal Tag is
required. It is commonly used for expressions of dissatisfaction when no other Legal Tag is
appropriate.
4.5 Global Taxonomies
Complaint Taxonomies are used to categorize Complaints based on common characteristics or themes. They
are identified by using “trigger terms” that the Consumer may use when surfacing a Complaint. Cash App
Lending Operations utilizes the following global taxonomies:
Tier 1 Complaints
● Complaint via Government Official
● Attorney Demand Letter
● Pre-litigation Demand
● Consumer Rights Violation
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
11

Confidential
● Privacy Violation
● Intellectual Property (IP) Infringement
● Alleged Regulatory Violation
● Alleged Discrimination
Tier 2 Complaints
● Reputational Risk
● Alleged employee or company misconduct
● Executive Complaint
● Repeat Complaint without response/resolution
● Abusive Consumer
4.6 Other Complaint Data Elements
In addition to Tiers and Taxonomies, this Standard also outlines other Complaint Data Elements.
● Complaint Intake Channel: How did Cash App receive this Complaint from the Consumer? For
example: phone, email, BBB, Social Media, etc.
● Product: To which Cash App Lending product does the Complaint relate to?
● Corrective Action Taken: What was done to resolve the Complaint? Options include:
○ Consumer received knowledge materials
○ Account access restored
○ Account access restricted
○ Account terminated
○ Additional training/corrective action provided to employee
○ Apology, acknowledge Consumer frustration
○ Financial compensation or refund
○ Other - See RCA Notes
○ Settlement
○ SEV opened
● Repeat Complaint: To be selected when the Consumer has raised a Complaint through multiple
intake channels.
● Duplicate Complaint: To be selected when a Consumer’s initial Complaint was flagged more than
once or if new Complaint language was flagged in the same case.
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
12

Confidential
● Complaint on Different Topic: To be selected when a Consumer has a Complaint on a different
issue in the same or new case.
● Root Cause Analysis: Used to identify the root cause of the Complaint once the investigation has
been completed.
● Complaint Review Status: Indicates where the Complaint resides in the intake > investigation >
resolution > root cause analysis process. Options include:
○ New: Consumer-facing team member has flagged a Complaint for review.
○ Open: A member of Complaints Management has taken over the case and will soon begin
investigating.
○ Pending: Complaints Management is in the process of investigating and communicating
with the Consumer.
○ Resolved: Complaints Management has done everything possible to resolve the issue.
Note: This does not necessarily mean that the Consumer has received full resolution, but
only that the current communication thread with the Consumer being discussed at the
time has been resolved.
5. Lending Complaints Governance
5.1 Lending Complaints Program Testing, Monitoring and Reporting
The Lending Complaints Standard outlines a suite of testing, monitoring and reporting activities. The
documented actions below are taken to i) reduce risk related to processes and ii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding the effectiveness and iii) efficiency of operations and compliance with applicable
policies, procedures, laws, and regulations.
● Cash Lending - Complaint Record Audit. The Lending Complaint Handler directly responsible
individual (“DRI”) facilitates a monthly audit of the Lending Complaints received that month. This
audit ensures that all Complaints were handled within SLA, all minimum data elements have
been recorded and all Complaints requiring escalation have been handled accurately.
● Quality Assurance Testing. On a monthly basis, Customer Success Quality Assurance associates
will select eight emails (at minimum) at random per Customer Success Advocate to test against
Complaints requirements around proper identification and classification of Complaints. Evidence
of email reviews and results are documented in the QA Performance Report found in Looker.
Individual email review specifics are also located in reporting in Gridspace.
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
13

Confidential
● Complaints Review. Should correspondence be needed to a Consumer or Regulatory Agency
regarding Complaints, the Lending team member that flags the Complaint will alert the Lending
Complaints Specialist requesting a review. The Complaint Specialist will review the Complaint
flagged by the peer and provide guidance on how to respond. If the Complaint is confirmed to be
a Tier 1, then the Complaint Specialist will initiate the Tier 1 Complaint workflow.
● Complaints Service Level Agreement Reporting. On a monthly basis, Complaints Management
reports on their ability to meet SLA requirements in the Monthly Complaints Report that is
shared via email across the Block enterprise. The goal for SLA Complaint handling is 100%.
Archives of Monthly Complaints Report are available in the Complaints Google Drive folder
maintained by the Complaints Management Team.
● Complaints Missed Service Level Agreement Audit. On an ad hoc basis, the Cash App Lending
Complaints Management team may identify a failure to meet the goal of 100% SLA for a specific
intake channel after reviewing monthly reporting and an audit process is initiated. During the
audit process the individual cases that did not meet the SLA are identified and a journey map is
completed to understand the flow of the Complaint from intake to resolution. This journey map is
utilized to identify opportunities in workflow and create action plans to avoid missed SLAs in
future. Evidence of missed SLA deep dives are stored in the Complaints Google Drive folder
maintained by the Complaints Management Team.
● Complaints Resources Review. On an annual basis, Cash App Compliance Management audits
the existing resources available for Cash App Lending staff pertaining to Complaints
management. The resources reviewed include, among other items,program guides, email
templates and call scripting. Documents are updated per any gaps found during the refresh
process. Audit reports are located in the Complaints Program Resource Audit Google Drive folder
maintained by the Complaints Management Team. Refresh dates are noted on the document in
question.
6. Document Management
6.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead, or their designee.
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
14

Confidential
6.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
7. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Standard effectively.
7.1 Complaints New Hire Training
Within the first 30 days of their start date new hires of the Cash Lending Complaints organization are
assigned and required to complete a Complaint Program training delivered by the Learning and Development
Team. This training is tailored to the specific role of the new hire (e.g. Complaints Manager, Advanced
Support Specialist or Customer Success Advocate).
7.2 Cash App Lending Complaints Training
Facilitated to new Lending Operation Support Advocates during on-boarding, prior to the handling of
Consumer correspondence and then again annually to ensure adherence. Training attendance is tracked via
recording of the Complaints Training Assessment completion, with acknowledgement stating that the
individuals have participated in the Lending Complaints Training Program.
8. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee will monitor Standard related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Standard and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
9. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Standard exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the
exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Standard Governance
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
15

Confidential
Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and
applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
10. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
11. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Procedure Cash App | Definition and Guidelines of
Non-complaints Procedure
Related Procedure Cash App | Lending Operations Complaint
Procedure
Related References:
The Dodd Frank Act APA. Copy. 124 Stat. 1376
Regulation B, ECOA 12 CFR part 1002
12. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Roy Tahsin Cash App Lending Reviewed/Approv… Apr 17, 2025
Operations Lead
Isaiah Boswell Product Compliance Reviewed/Approv… Apr 17, 2025
Manager - Cash App
Lending
Roy Tahsin Cash App Lending Reviewed/Approv… Dec 20, 2024
Operations Lead
Isaiah Boswell Product Compliance Reviewed/Approv… Dec 20, 2024
Manager - Cash App
Lending
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
16

Confidential
Seyi Iwarere Regulatory Counsel Reviewed/Approv… Dec 20, 2024
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chambe… Cash App Product Initial Appro… Reviewed/A… Jan 21, 2025
Compliance Lead
Brian Kollmeyer Cash App Initial Appro… Reviewed/A… Jan 21, 2025
Consumer
Protection
Compliance Lead
Corey Chambe… Cash App Product Immaterial C… Immaterial Apr 17, 2025
Compliance Lead Changes
Brian Kollmeyer Cash App Immaterial C… Immaterial Apr 18, 2025
Consumer Changes
Protection
Compliance Lead
13. Document Details
Business Cash App Lending
Scope Regional- (United States)
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date Apr 17, 2025
Effective Date Jan 21, 2025
Approved By Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead
Document Review Schedule Annually
Lending Operations Complaints Standard | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
17