Disputes Standard
Cash App
Last Approved: Feb 5, 2026
Effective Date: Feb 5, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Disputes Standard (“Standardˮ) outlines the strategy and approach
to the intake, investigation, and resolution of Errors for Cash App, a line of business under Block,
Inc. Cash App records NOEs and provides resolution by investigating and resolving NOEs in
compliance with Electronic Funds Transfer Act (“EFTAˮ) 15 U.S.C. §§ 1693 et seq.) and Regulation
E 12 C.F.R. Part 1005 requirements and industry best practices. The Disputes Consumer
Protection Compliance Lead is responsible for the management of this Standard.
Cash App conducts business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, maintaining and
managing a combination of risk and compliance programs. The purpose of this Standard is to
define Cash Appʼs Disputes Program and outline Cash Appʼs strategy to ensure it upholds
adequate Dispute resolution in line with industry expectations and compliance with regulatory
obligations. The activities in support of this Standard are administered cross-functionally.
Scope: This Standard is established for Cash App, a line of business under Block, Inc., and is
applicable to the Cash App business and related products and services. The Dispute
classifications in scope for this Standard are Cash App Peer to Peer (“P2Pˮ), Account Takeover
(“ATOˮ), Cash App Card, Remittances, Automatic Clearing House (“ACHˮ), Deposits, Paper Money
Deposits, and Cash App Pay.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Account When a third party maliciously gains access to a Consumerʼs account with
Takeover (“ATOˮ) the intention of using it for fraudulent purposes. Transactions resulting from
an ATO are considered a type of Unauthorized Electronic Fund Transfer.
1

Automated The parameters for leveraging an automated investigation process for Dispute
Criteria (“ACˮ) handling.
Automatic ACH is a US payment network used by financial institutions to facilitate the
Clearing House transfer of money between bank accounts. ACH transactions include outgoing
(“ACHˮ)
debits and incoming deposits to or from a Consumerʼs Cash App account.
Business Day All days of the week except Saturdays, Sundays, and federal holidays.
Cardholder CDRN is a chargeback prevention tool that sends real-time notifications to
Dispute merchants when a cardholder disputes a transaction. This gives merchants
Resolution
time to contact the Consumer and resolve the issue before a chargeback is
Network
filed.
(“CDRNˮ)
Cashforce 1 A customized version of Salesforce used as Cash Appʼs Consumer
(“CF1ˮ) relationship management software.
Salesforce)
Consumer An individual who is a natural person who obtains or has obtained a financial
product or service that is to be used primarily for personal, family or
household purposes.
Curing Period This initial step in the investigation process is completed prior to running any
ACs and is not implemented as an AC itself. The Curing Period does not
affect Cash Appʼs adherence to the 10-day timeline requirements under
Regulation E.
Dispute A dispute is the act of alleging an Error regarding a transaction. In many
scenarios, the process for reviewing disputes is governed by regulatory
requirements.
Dispute Abuse Dispute abuse refers to the behavior where customers file false or
exaggerated claims regarding transactions, declaring legitimate transactions
as unauthorized in order to seek refunds illegitimately. This type of abuse
significantly undermines the integrity of Dispute resolution processes.
Dispute Abuse Refers to a specialized review procedure used to manually verify the activity
Detection of Consumers flagged for Dispute Abuse. This involves an ehanced review
Program
by a specialized team.
Disputes The Disputes Decision Making Application for Cash App Dispute
Decision Making investigations receives a command from the Disputes Platform containing
Application
basic information about the Dispute. The Disputes Decision Making
Application then gathers all the information needed to evaluate ACs and
make suggested actions for the Dispute; these actions include suggested
2

queue routing and final Dispute handling. It then sends the investigation
result back to the Disputes Platform.
Disputes Serves as a central repository for Disputes, enhancing Cash Appʼs oversight
Platform of error resolution management. This platform helps track the dispute
process from intake to resolution, including monitoring for SLAs.
Document dIDV occurs when a Consumer submits an image of their government-issued
Identity photo identification document (“IDˮ) as well as a “livenessˮ test (moving
Verification
selfie) and these submissions are verified with the vendor.
(“dIDVˮ)
Duress Duress is considered a threat of harm or use of physical harm by a third party
that negates the customerʼs free will to voluntarily authorize a transaction.
Actions that constitute duress include use of physical harm or violence, false
imprisonment, physical constraint, kidnapping, coercion, psychological
pressure, or an actual (or perceived) threat.
Electronic Fund Any transfer of funds that is initiated through an Electronic Terminal,
Transfer (“EFTˮ) telephone, computer, or magnetic tape for the purpose of ordering,
instructing, or authorizing a financial institution to debit or credit a
Consumer's account. The term includes, but is not limited to:
● Point-of-sale transfers;
● Automated teller machine transfers;
● Direct deposits or withdrawals of funds;
● Transfers initiated by telephone; and
● Transfers resulting from debit card transactions, whether or not
initiated through an Electronic Terminal.
Electronic The eIDV process matches the identity information collected from the
Identity Consumer to identity information returned by external vendors.
Verification
(“eIDVˮ)
Electronic An electronic device, other than a telephone operated by a Consumer,
Terminal through which a Consumer may initiate an electronic fund transfer. The term
includes, but is not limited to, point-of-sale terminals, automated teller
machines (“ATMsˮ), and cash dispensing machines.
Error The term Error means:
● Unauthorized EFTs;
● Incorrect or missing transfers to or from a Consumerʼs account;
● Omission of a transaction from a periodic statement;
● Computational or bookkeeping Errors;
● Receipt of an incorrect amount from an Electronic Terminal; and
● Requests for documentation (unless requesting a duplicate copy), or
3

requests for information concerning transaction or clarification to
determine whether an “Errorˮ specified above exists.
For Remittance Transfers, “Errorˮ also means:
● An incorrect amount paid by a sending Consumer, unless the
remittance disclosures stated an estimate of the amount paid by the
Sender and the difference results from application of the actual
exchange rate, fees, and taxes, rather than any estimated amount;
● Failure to make available to a designated recipient the amount of
currency disclosed (unless certain conditions are met); and
● Failure to make funds available to a designated recipient by the date
of availability stated in the disclosure provided to the Sender (unless
certain conditions are met).
Notice of Error The written or oral communication from a Cash App Consumer indicating
(“NOEˮ) that the Consumer believes there is an Error on related to their Cash App
account, and that:
● Provides sufficient information for Cash App to identify the
Consumerʼs name and account number; and
● Indicates why the Consumer believes an Error exists and includes to
the extent possible the type, date, and amount of the alleged Error.
A NOE is a regulated claim.
For Remittance Transfers, a NOE is a written or oral communication from a
Sender indicating the Sender believes there is an Error related to a
Remittance Transfer sent from their Cash App account, and that:
● Provides sufficient information for Cash App to identify the Senderʼs
name, phone number, and address, the Remittance Transfer
recipientʼs name, and if known phone number or address; and
● Indicates why the Sender believes an error exists and includes to the
extent possible the type, date, and amount of the error of the
Remittance Transfer to which the notice of error applies
Provisional A temporary credit that may be applied to a Consumerʼs account during a
Credit NOE investigation if a decision is unable to be made within ten 10 business
days.
Regulator A proprietary tool used to view information and take certain actions on a
Consumerʼs account.
Remittance The electronic transfer of funds from a Consumer in the United States to a
Transfer recipient in a foreign country. The transfer must be initiated by a remittance
transfer provider and be greater than $15.00 U.S. dollars.
4

Sender (for A Consumer in a State who primarily for personal, family, or household
Remittance purposes requests a remittance transfer provider to send a remittance
Transfers)
transfer to a designated recipient.
Service Level The maximum allotted time for intake to resolution of a Dispute review.
Agreement
(“SLAˮ)
Unauthorized An EFT from a Consumerʼs Cash App account initiated by a person other
EFT than the Consumer without actual authority to initiate the transfer, and from
which the Consumer receives no benefit Account Takeovers are considered
to be Unauthorized EFTs). The term does not include an EFT initiated:
● By a person who was furnished the access device to the Consumerʼs
account by the Consumer, unless the Consumer has notified Cash
App that transfers by that person are no longer authorized;
● With fraudulent intent by the Consumer or any person acting in
concert with the Consumer; or
● By Cash App or its Staff Members.
2. Standard Requirements
2.1. Policy Statement
Under Regulation E, a NOE refers to a Consumer's notification to a financial institution regarding a
suspected Error in an EFT, which the financial institution is required to promptly investigate and
determine whether an error occurred within ten 10 business days of receiving the NOE and
communicate the results out to the Consumer within three 3 business of completing an
investigation. If the financial institution determines an error did occur, it must correct the error within
1 business day of completing its investigation. If the financial institution is unable to complete its
investigation within 10 business days, the institution may take up to 45 calendar days from receipt of
the NOE to investigate and must provisionally credit the Consumer's account in the amount of the
alleged error while the investigation continues.
Regulation E defines:
● the types of EFTs to which the regulation applies;
● acceptable methods by which a Consumer may provide an NOE;
● timeframe to investigate the NOE;
● Provisional Credit requirements;
● notification of finding/resolution timeframes; and
● the timeframe to correct the Error.
5

2.2. NOE Intake Methods
Cash App provides an Error Resolution Disclosure as required by Regulation E with its initial
disclosures when a Cash App Consumer creates an account with Cash App, and thereafter annually
or with each periodic statement. The Error Resolution Disclosure describes how a Consumer can
contact Cash App to file an NOE. For purposes of adhering to Regulation E timing requirements, an
NOE is received when a Consumer provides the required information to Cash App through one of the
channels outlined below.
Cash App provides its Consumers with several intake methods to provide an NOE. The intake
methods for a Consumer to provide a written or oral NOE to Cash App are using the form within the
mobile application (available for Cash App Card and P2P transactions only), messaging Cash App
through the mobile application, calling Cash Appʼs customer support, or mailing a physical letter to
Cash App.
● In app: The in-app form prompts the Consumer to answer questions and provide details,
consistent with Regulation E, for the NOE.
● Messaging Cash App: The Consumer is directed by an advocate to fill out the in-app form
to file the NOE, or the Consumer is instructed to contact Cash App customer support.
● Calling Cash App: Customer support gathers the required information from the Consumer
and submits the NOE on behalf of the Consumer.
● Mail: Customer Support uses the information from the mailed letter to locate the
Consumerʼs account and creates a case in CF1. Once the Consumer passes a Personally
Identifiable Information (“PIIˮ) verification process, the case is routed to Dispute
Operations.
2.3. Complaint NOE Requirements
A Consumerʼs NOE is received by Cash App when the Consumer has provided the information
required by Regulation E
● Information that enables Cash App to identify the Consumerʼs Cash App account
○ Consumers who contact Cash App via its messaging option to file an NOE are
directed to the in-app form for filing Cash App Card and P2P transactions only).
When an NOE is provided using the in-app form, the Consumer is prompted to
complete eIDV prior to the NOE being recorded.
○ Consumers will also be asked to verify either their email address or phone number
they have on file with Cash App when they are submitting an NOE in-app.
● The transaction date(s) and amount(s) involved in the NOE
● Information that Cash App can use to determine the reason the Consumer believes there is
an Error.
Notice of written confirmation of receipt is provided from Cash App to the Consumer when that
Consumer provides a compliant NOE to Cash App.
6

For Remittance Transfers, a compliant NOE has been received by Cash App when the Consumer has
provided the information required by Regulation E, as outlined in § 1005.33. See Section 2.4 for
specific timeline requirements for Remittance Transfer NOEʼs.
2.4. Consumer NOE Submission Timeline
For NOEs other than the exceptions outlined below, the Consumer has 60 days after the transaction
first appears on their Cash App periodic statement to submit a timely NOE to Cash App—or 60 days
after Cash App provides the Consumer's periodic statement. Statements are provided by Cash App
on the 5th of the month, and the statements contain all of the transactions for the previous month.
Therefore, according to Regulation E requirements, a timely NOE is provided within 60 calendar days
after the 5th day of the month immediately following the month in which the transaction occurred.
Cash App records the date that the NOE is provided by the Consumer, as this becomes the date from
which resolution and communication timelines are based.
● Extenuating Circumstances. Cash App will accept a late NOE in instances where the
Consumer experienced extenuating circumstances (e.g. imprisonment, extended travel,
hospital stay). If the investigation determines that an Error occurred on the account, Cash
App will refund all Disputed transactions within the timeframe of those circumstances.
Consumers are not required to provide documentation to Cash App. If it is concluded that
an Error occurred on the account, Cash App will refund all Disputed transactions within the
timeframe of the extenuating circumstances.
● EFTs under Duress. An EFT is considered to be made under Duress if the EFT was made
under circumstances involving physical harm or violence, false imprisonment, physical
constraint, kidnapping, coercion, psychological pressure, or an actual (or perceived) threat.
These NOEs are accepted on an indefinite basis.
● Remittance Transfers. Cash App will investigate a Consumerʼs NOE related to a Remittance
Transfer when the NOE is received within one hundred and eighty 180 calendar days of
the disclosed fundsʼ availability date.
2.5. Dispute Classification
Disputes are classified and the investigation is conducted according to the associated Cash App
product/transaction type using procedures and Knowledge Articles owned and maintained by Cash
Customer Operations. At the time of publication of this Standard, the Disputes Classifications are:
● Cash App P2P
● Account Takeover
● Cash App Pay
● Cash App Card
● ACH
● Deposits
● Paper Money Deposits
● Remittances
7

Cash App Card and Cash App P2P Disputes may be supported by the use of the Automated Criteria
(“ACˮ) Investigation process. Cash App Pay, ACH, Paper Money Deposits and Remittances require
manual Dispute investigations.
2.6. Dispute Abuse Detection Program
Dispute Abuse generally refers to the behavior where a Consumer, or a group of Consumers acting
in concert, repeatedly files fraudulent Disputes. This can include actions such as disputing multiple
transactions without valid reasons, switching Claim reason codes to see which will provide better
results, or having connections to other accounts participating in similar abusive behaviors. Cash App
has established specific criteria and devoted a specialized Dispute review team that supports the
Dispute Abuse Detection (“DADˮ) Program to determine if the Consumer is engaging in activity
deemed to be Dispute Abuse.
● If a Dispute is suspected to be related to Dispute Abuse, Cash App sends the transaction to
the DAD queue.
● If it is determined that the account is not engaging in Dispute Abuse, it is recorded as a
false positive and CCO Dispute Operations investigates the Dispute. Other outstanding
Disputes for the account are sent to the normal investigation queues to be manually
reviewed. A false positive does not preclude a future Dispute from being routed to the DAD
queue.
● If it is determined that the Consumer is engaging in Dispute Abuse, the following actions
occur:
○ The account(s) and the SSN are denylisted;
○ The submitted NOE and other outstanding or future NOEs are denied;
○ The Consumer is notified that the review has confirmed the Dispute was fraudulent
and that the account has been deactivated and the Dispute was declined.
2.7. Dispute Investigations Overview
When Cash App receives a compliant NOE, it is a representation of what the Consumer is claiming
the Error to be and the NOE moves to the investigation process. Cash App utilizes both manual and
automated reviews to investigate Consumer NOEs in accordance with the timeframes outlined in
Regulation E. Cash App Card and Cash App P2P are the two products that include the use of AC as
an aid for efficiently and consistently investigating and resolving complaints in compliance with
Regulation E requirements. Substantively, Disputes reviewed using automation are decided the same
as those determined through manual review.
All other Dispute Classifications require the use of a manual investigation and Error resolution
process in accordance with Cash Appʼs Dispute resolution procedures by a specialized CCO Dispute
Operations Team.
2.8. Unauthorized NOE Investigations
For NOEs involving unauthorized EFTs Cash App accepts these NOEs indefinitely, regardless of
whether they meet the 60 day notice timeline in Regulation E, and investigates all reports of
8

unauthorized activity regardless of when the NOE is provided by the Consumer. Even if the
Consumer does not submit timely notice, Cash App will investigate in line with our regulatory
obligations. A Consumerʼs NOE involving unauthorized EFTs is received by Cash App when the
Consumer has provided a compliant NOE to Cash App. NOEs are categorized based on the type of
activity reported or discovered. An NOE involving unauthorized activity will be reviewed and resolved
in accordance with Regulation E timelines.
2.9. Automated Criteria Dispute Investigation
The AC Dispute investigation replicates manual review policies and decisioning to optimize
workflows, create efficiencies and better enforce consistent decision making. When an NOE for a
Cash App Card transaction is provided, the NOE is recorded, and Cash App imposes a Curing Period
prior to routing the NOE. After the Curing Period has passed, the NOE progresses to the initial step
in the AC investigation process where it is determined whether the NOE can continue through the AC
investigation process, needs to be routed for manual review, or to another queue DAD queue or
filed to the Visa, Pulse or NACHA network).
Disputes are provided with a manual investigation by the Disputes Operations Team and BPO
Partners when the NOE is related to Cash App Pay, ACH, Paper Money Deposits, and Remittances.
ACs may determine if a Cash App Card or Cash App P2P NOE requires a manual investigation and if
so, the NOE is routed for manual investigation. The manual Dispute investigation process is outlined
in procedures and knowledge articles executed by the CCO Disputes Operations team and BPO
Partners.
2.10. Dispute Resolution and Communication Timelines
The timelines outlined in this Standard adhere to the requirements of Regulation E, regardless of
whether an NOE is investigated by the Manual Dispute Investigation Process or the Automated
Dispute Investigation Process.
Disputes excluding Cash App Card and Remittance:
Ten Business Days: Cash App conducts Dispute investigation and resolves Dispute
Correct Within one If an Error is found, Cash App corrects the Error and refunds the
Error and Business Day of Consumer (including any applicable interest and related fees
refund determining an incurred)
Consumer Error occurred
Notificatio Within three Upon conclusion of the investigation, Cash App provides
n of Business Days notification of the Dispute resolution to the Consumer. If the
resolution after Dispute was denied or Cash App determined that a different Error
completing the occurred, Cash App provides the Consumer with a written
investigation explanation of its findings and informs the Consumer that they can
request information used in the decisioning from Cash App.
9

Cash App Card Disputes:
Ten Business Days: Timeline to investigate NOE unless Provisional Credit is provided
Correct Within one If an Error is found, Cash App corrects the Error and refunds the
Error and Business Day of Consumer (including any applicable interest and related fees
refund determining an incurred)
Consumer Error occurred
Notificatio Within three Upon conclusion of the investigation whether within the 10
n of Business Days business day investigation timeline or in the extended timeline with
resolution after Provisional Credit, Cash App provides notification of the Dispute
completing the resolution to the Consumer. If the Dispute was denied or Cash App
investigation determined that a different error occurred, Cash App provides
Consumer with a written explanation of its findings and informs the
Consumer that they can request information used in the
decisioning from Cash App.
Approaching 10 Business Days (without completing investigation): Provisional Credit is
provided to the Consumer. If Provisional Credit is provided the investigation can extend
to 45 calendar days and the below timelines also apply.
Advise Within two Cash App advises the Consumer of the Provisional Credit within
Consumer Business Days two business days of its application and gives the Consumer full
of use of the funds during the extended investigation time.
Provisiona
l Credit
Inform Five Business If no Error occurred or a different Error occurred, Cash App will
Consumer Days from inform Consumer that Provisional Credit will be debited five
that notification to business days from the transmittal of the notification and will
Provisiona the Consumer specify calendar date and amount for the debit to occur.
l Credit will that the
be debited Provisional
Credit will be
debited
Provisiona After 45 Cash App has made a final determination on the Error, and makes
l Credit is calendar days the Provisional Credit permanent and informs the Consumer.
made of the NOE
permanent
Remittance Transfer Disputes:
90 calendar days: Cash App conducts Dispute investigation and resolves Dispute
For Error Within one If an Error is found, Cash App corrects the Error by refunding to the
type Business Day, Sender the amount of funds provided by the Sender in connection
outlined in or as soon as with a remittance transfer which was not properly transmitted, or the
§ reasonably amount appropriate to resolve the Error; or
1005.33(a)( practicable making available to the designated recipient without additional cost
10

1) (i - iii) - to the sender or to the designated recipient, the amount appropriate
Correct to resolve the Error.
Error and
refund
Consumer
For Error Within one If an Error is found, Cash App corrects the Error by refunding to the
Type Business Day, Sender the amount of funds provided by the Sender in connection
outlined in or as soon as with a remittance transfer which was not properly transmitted, or the
§ reasonably amount appropriate to resolve the Error; or
1005.33(a)( practicable making available to the designated recipient the amount to resolve
1)(iv) - the error. Such amount must be made available to the designated
Correct recipient without additional cost to the sender or to the designated
Error and recipient; and
refund Refunding to the Sender any fees imposed and, to the extent not
Consumer prohibited by law, taxes collected on the remittance transfer.
Notification Within three Upon conclusion of the investigation, Cash App provides notification
of Business Days of the Dispute resolution to the Consumer. If the Dispute was denied
resolution after or Cash App determined that a different Error occurred, Cash App
completing the provides the Consumer with a written explanation of its findings and
investigation informs the Consumer that they can request information used in the
decisioning from Cash App.
2.11. Disputes Governance
2.11.1 Reporting, Testing and Monitoring
● Operational Queue Reporting: Dispute Operations within Risk Operations reports on the
health/status of operational queues through multiple methods and at various frequencies.
○ Dispute Operations Leadership Queue Reporting:
■ Daily leadership reports;
■ Daily volumes and corresponding Business Day SLA 7 days a week);
■ Reports provided to the bank partner for Cash App Card Monday through
Friday); and
■ Dispute queue volumes.
○ Intraday Workforce Operations (“WFOˮ) monitoring:
■ Noon and end of day queue progress reports;
■ Daily tracking of queue input/output daily for overall queue “healthˮ; and
■ Enables capacity forecasting and rapid decision making and resource
allocation.
● Control Testing and Reporting: The Disputes Operations Team is supported by Operational
Excellenceʼs (“OEˮ) Control Testing Team to support control testing, reporting, monitoring,
and validation. The Disputes Channel and Group Leads own and are accountable for the
risks embedded within the various operational processes. OE Control Testing results are
issued to the Channel Leads and involved stakeholders after each testing period has
concluded. Control testing frequency is determined by control frequency and process
criticality. Testing covers both design and operating effectiveness to determine whether
the controls appropriately mitigate the stated and associated risks of the processes.
11

2.11.2 Automated Criteria Change Management Process
Cash App has defined a change management process to maintain a standardized and objective
approach to AC creation, testing and approvals. The effort is logged and tracked in the change
management database. The Checklist includes steps that need to be completed as well as required
approvals that need to be obtained prior to progressing to the next stage in the process. Any ACs
that pass required check points and are deployed into production are then monitored at the one day
and one week timeframe post-deployment.
2.11.3 Manual Investigation Procedure Reviews
Any updates to or the creation of new Manual Investigation procedures require review and approval
by the corresponding CCO Risk Operations Disputes Operations Channel Lead, Consumer Protection
Compliance Manager or Lead, and final review and approval by the ORO Policy Governance
Manager. The Manual Investigation procedures shall be reviewed at least annually or on an ad hoc
basis when procedures change, systems/tools are updated or launched, organizational changes
occur or regulatory requirements change or are updated.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Behavioral Insights Team (“BITˮ):
○ BIT is a fraud analysis team that identifies, describes, and organizes Cash App
Consumer behaviors. BIT investigates and analyzes emerging threats to provide
intel to Risk Machine Learning ML.
● Business Process Outsourcing (“BPOˮ) Partners:
○ BPO Partners are responsible for conducting manual reviews and taking actions on
Dispute Claims in line with applicable SLAs. BPO teams operate under the oversight
of Dispute Operations, and are subject to regular quality audits and performance
monitoring to ensure alignment with requirements.
● Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Program Lead:
○ Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Program Lead as owner of this
Standard is responsible for:
■ Serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to this Standard,
■ Ensuring this Standard reflects industry best practices and applicable
regulatory guidance,
■ Ensuring regulatory risks are identified in documentation,
■ Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant
stakeholders including business partners,
■ Provide oversight and guidance to business units in implementing
Regulation E and other Dispute related requirements,
■ Conducting periodic review(s) of the Standard, and
12

■ Delegating and overseeing documentation requirements, as needed.
● Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Program Manager(s):
○ Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Program Manager(s), as delegated by
the Lead, is responsible for:
■ Overseeing the documentation of requirements in this Standard,
■ Serving as a subject matter expert for content relevant to this Standard,
■ Providing oversight and guidance to business units in implementing
Regulation E and other Dispute related requirements,
■ Conducting periodic reviews of the Standard.
● Head of Consumer Protection Compliance:
○ The Head of Consumer Protection Compliance is responsible for:
■ Ensuring appropriate resources and support are available to implement this
Standard.
■ Serve as an escalation point for matters related to this Disputes Standard.
■ Ensuring that appropriate Staff Members are trained on relevant topics from
this Standard at least annually, commensurate with their roles and
responsibilities.
○ As appropriate, the Head of Consumer Protection Compliance may delegate the
above responsibilities to relevant Senior Management who inform and escalate key
risks and Issues to the Head of Compliance.
● Cash Customer Operations (“CCOˮ) Dispute Operations Team:
○ CCO Dispute Operations Team is responsible for conducting manual reviews and
taking actions on Dispute Claims in line with applicable SLAs. The Dispute
Operations team consists of internal Block Staff Members as well as the use of
third-party vendors who are engaged as Business Process Outsourcing BPO
partners.
● Disputes Product Team:
○ Part of the Trust Product Team consisting of product managers, designers, server
engineers, mobile engineers, and product data science responsible for NOEs
submitted to Cash App by Consumers (i.e., excludes chargebacks filed with
external card issuers).
○ The Disputes Product Team owns the Consumer Dispute experience and related
Consumer communications, the Dispute-related system platform development
(including testing, monitoring, and reliability), agent tooling, Dispute data, reporting,
analytics, and the automated decisioning capabilities.
● Financial Platform Engineering (“FinPlatˮ):
○ FinPlat owns the integrations with third parties/networks CDRN, Marqeta,etc),
including acquirers and issuers. Therefore owns all internal handling of transaction
states, actions, and ledgering for EFTs on Cash App.
● Legal:
○ Identify applicable legal requirements and provide feedback on related questions
from Business Units and Risk and Compliance.
● Marqeta:
○ Program manager for the Cash App Card, which includes management of the setup,
configuration, and maintenance. Cash App Card Disputes are handled via Marqetaʼs
13

“Program Submissionˮ model where Cash App submits Cash App Card Disputes to
Marqeta for submission to the Visa, Pulse or NACHA network.
○ Marqeta conducts reviews of Cash App's handling of Cash App Card Disputes in
adherence to Regulation E requirements.
● Risk Machine Learning (“MLˮ):
○ Maintains and supports models that apply actions based on transactional behavior.
● Trust Product Team:
○ Supports Cash Appʼs top strategic business priority to build and maintain trust with
our customers. The team aims to foster the safety, security, and support of our
customers and their assets by maintaining a healthy ecosystem that enables us to
deepen our financial relationship with customers and responsibly grow our
business.
○ The Trust Product Team helps build confidence with our customers by combating
fraud, supporting authentic behavior, limiting bad actors, understanding customer
identity, improving controls and monitoring, and focusing on product quality.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Standard effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
Additionally, Cash App will retain evidence of compliance with the requirements of Regulation E,
and otherwise with respect to activities related to adherence to this Policy, for a minimum of two
2 years from the date disclosures are required to be made or action is required to be taken. In
instances where Cash App receives notice of an investigation, enforcement proceeding by an
14

enforcement agency, or is served notice of an action filed under sections 910, 916, or 917(a) of the
EFTA, Cash App will retain the records that pertain to the investigation, action, or proceeding until
final disposition of the matter unless an earlier time is allowed by court or agency order.
3.5. Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Electronic Fund Transfer Act Regulation E Policy
● Electronic Fund Transfer Act (“EFTAˮ) 15 U.S.C. §§ 1693 et seq.
● Regulation E 12 C.F.R. Part 1005
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Jason Liberman Interim Head of Initial Appro… Initial Approval Dec 18, 2024
Compliance, Cash
App
15

Brian Kollmeyer Consumer Initial Appro… Initial Approval Jun 13, 2025
Protection
Program
Compliance Lead
Brian Kollme… Consumer Immaterial C… Minor changes February 5, 2026
Protection removing
Program references to
Compliance Lead 'step-up' program
and processes
involved with that
program. Updates
made to include
'Dispute Abuse
Detection
Program' and
accompanying
procedures.
Document Details:
Business Cash App
Scope Regional U.S.
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Disputes Consumer Protection Compliance Lead
Approved By Consumer Protection Program Compliance Lead
Document Tier Tier 3
16