Equal Credit Opportunity
Act Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 4
3. Purpose 5
4. Scope 5
5. Policy Requirements 5
5.1 Policy Statement 5
5.2 Fair Lending Requirements 5
5.3 General ECOA Requirements 8
5.4 Complaints 13
6. Roles and Responsibilities 13
7. Document Management 14
7.1 Document Owner 14
7.2 Review and Approval 14
8. Training 14
9. Monitoring and Reporting 14
10. Exceptions 15
11. Record Retention 15
12. Related Documentation or References 16
13. Revision and Approval History 16
13.2 Stakeholder Review Tracking 16
13.2 Approval History 16
14. Document Details 16
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Adverse Action A refusal to grant credit in substantially the amount or on substantially
the terms requested in an Application unless Afterpay makes a
counteroffer (to grant credit in a different amount or on other terms) and
the Applicant uses or expressly accepts the credit offered. Adverse
Action does not include a change in the terms of an account expressly
agreed to by an Applicant; or any action or forbearance relating to an
account taken in connection with inactivity, default, or delinquency as to
that account.
Applicant A person (individual or entity) that requests credit from Afterpay,
including any person that may become contractually liable for credit
provided by Afterpay.
Application An oral or written request for an extension of credit made in accordance
with procedures used by Afterpay for the type of credit requested.
Credit Products Credit encompasses Afterpay’s three lending products (Buy Now Pay
Later, Monthly, and Afterpay Plus) unless otherwise noted.
Prohibited Basis Race, national origin, color, religion, sex (including sexual orientation and
gender identity), marital status, age, (provided the Applicant has the
capacity to contract); the fact that all or part of the Applicant’s income
derives from a public assistance program; or the fact that the Applicant
has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act.
Note: In addition to the protected classes above, Afterpay does not
discriminate based on the following protected classes under the Fair
Housing Act and various state laws: Military Status; Disability; and
Familial Status.
2. Introduction
This Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Afterpay, US, Inc’s (“Afterpay”)
commitment to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (“ECOA”). Cash App’s Head of
Compliance and/or their designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate the commitment of Afterpay to comply with ECOA and
Fair Lending laws/regulations. ECOA and its implementing Regulation B were adopted to promote
the availability of credit to all creditworthy Applicants and to prevent discriminatory practices
throughout all aspects of a creditor’s dealings with an Applicant regarding a credit transaction.
ECOA also requires creditors to notify Applicants of action taken on their Applications and retain
records regarding their Applications.
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay. This Policy applies to all of Afterpay’s operations that involve
any interaction with consumers and the development, offering, selling, servicing and or collections of
Credit Products. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay’s Employees are aware of and
comply with expectations regarding these requirements.
5. Policy Requirements
5.1 Policy Statement
Afterpay is committed to ensuring its business activities result in fair, consistent, and responsible
treatment of all consumers, and comply with all applicable state and federal laws governing
non-discriminatory lending practices.
The standards set out in this Policy represent minimum requirements based on applicable legal and
regulatory guidance and apply throughout Afterpay’s operations. These requirements are intended
to prevent Afterpay’s Employees from violating federal and state regulations related to consumer
compliance with respect to Fair Lending laws, regulations, and practices.
5.2 Fair Lending Requirements
● Prohibition on Discrimination.. Afterpay will not discriminate against an Applicant regarding
any aspect of a credit transaction on a Prohibited Basis. This prohibition applies to all dealings
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
between the Applicant and Afterpay regarding an Application for credit or for an existing
extension for credit, including but not limited to:
○ The marketing or solicitation of products offered by Afterpay;
○ Requests for product information;
○ The Application and origination process;
○ The standards for evaluating creditworthiness and the terms of credit offered by Afterpay;
○ The servicing and collection of existing extensions of credit; and
○ The furnishing of credit information to consumer reporting agencies.
Afterpay requires that policies, procedures, disclosures, customer agreements, communications,
marketing strategies, and solicitations to be carefully crafted and reviewed to ensure Afterpay
adheres to the non-discriminatory and principled standards under ECOA and Regulation B. Each
employee must be mindful of providing consistent treatment to all Applicants and consumers
regardless of any Prohibited Basis. Employees are responsible for interacting with all Applicants and
consumers in an ethical, fair, and professional manner in accordance with this Policy. Disclosures
may be made in language other than English, provided Applicants are available in English upon
request.
● Prohibition on Discriminatory Discouragement. Afterpay's prohibition on discrimination
extends to all aspects of a credit transaction, which includes the initial offering or marketing of
Afterpay’s Credit Products and services. Afterpay and its merchants will not discourage any
Applicant or prospective Applicant from inquiring about, applying for, or otherwise pursuing an
Afterpay product or service on a Prohibited Basis. Among other things, this means that Afterpay
and its Employees will not, on a Prohibited Basis:
○ Make statements suggesting that a prospective Applicant not apply for a credit product
or service;
○ Use words, symbols, or models in advertising that suggest a discriminatory preference or
policy of exclusion; or
○ Withhold assistance or information from prospective Applicants that would ordinarily be
extended to other prospective Applicants.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Types of Discrimination Under ECOA. This Policy extends to the forms of discrimination under
ECOA that have been recognized by courts and other federal regulators. These forms of
discrimination include:
○ Overt evidence of discrimination. Overt evidence of discrimination is present where a
creditor openly discriminates against an Applicant on a Prohibited Basis or engages in
blatant actions or policies based on the prejudice of a Prohibited Basis.
○ Comparative evidence of disparate treatment. Comparative evidence of disparate
treatment is present where differences in treatment are not fully explained by
legitimate nondiscriminatory factors. It does not require any showing that the
treatment was motivated by prejudice or a conscious intention to discriminate against
a person beyond the difference in the treatment itself. Redlining is a form of illegal
disparate treatment in which a lender provides unequal access to credit, or unequal
terms of credit, because of the race, color, national origin, or other Prohibited Basis of
residents of the area in which the credit Applicant resides.
○ Evidence of impermissible disparate impact. Evidence of impermissible disparate
impact may be present when a creditor applies a racially or otherwise neutral policy or
practice to all Applicants, but the policy or practice disproportionately excludes or
burdens certain Applicants on a Prohibited Basis. Evidence of discriminatory intent is
not necessary to establish that disparate impact has occurred.
■ Disparate impact claims. Disparate impact claims are often used to enforce the
ECOA. Enforcement actions based on disparate impact in lending discrimination
continue to develop. What has been clearly established is that a policy or practice
that creates a disparity on a Prohibited Basis is not by itself proof of a violation.
Once a disparate impact is identified, a determination must be made as to
whether the policy or practice is justified by business necessity. Even if the policy or
practice is deemed justified by business necessity, it will still be found in violation if
an alternative policy or practice could be used to serve the same purpose with less
discriminatory effect. Under the disparate impact theory, no evidence of
intentional discrimination is required.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.3 General ECOA Requirements
● Limitations on Information Requests. Afterpay will not collect the information listed below in
connection with a credit transaction.
○ Information regarding race, color, religion, national origin, or sex of the Applicant or
any other person connected with the prospective credit transaction. The Applicant,
however, can be asked to designate a title such as Ms., Miss, Mr., or Mrs. although
Afterpay must inform the Applicant that providing such designation is optional.
○ Information concerning the spouse of an Applicant, unless:
■ The spouse will be permitted to use the account;
■ The spouse will be contractually liable on the account;
■ The Applicant is relying on the spouse's income as a basis for repayment of the
credit requested;
■ The Applicant resides in a community property state or is relying on property
located in such a state as a basis for repayment of the credit requested; or
■ The Applicant is relying on alimony, child support, or separate maintenance
payments from a spouse or former spouse as a basis for repayment of the credit
requested.
○ Information concerning childbearing or child rearing, including birth control
practices, intentions concerning the bearing or rearing of children, or capability
to bear children.
It is important to note that a creditor may only require the signature of an
Applicant's spouse (or other co-signer) if information/property shared by the
Applicant and the other party is necessary to qualify the Applicant as
creditworthy.
Note that Afterpay may inquire about the number and ages of an Applicant’s
dependents or about dependent-related financial obligations or expenditures,
provided such information is requested without regard to sex, marital status, or
any other Prohibited Basis.
Afterpay may inquire about information concerning a Prohibited Basis of an
Applicant in connection with a credit transaction in two limited circumstances:
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
(1) to conduct a "self-test"; and (2) to request a title on an Application that may
indicate the sex of the Applicant. Reports, results, or any other information
concerning Afterpay’s "self-test" are generally privileged against disclosure.
Afterpay may also obtain information required by law to monitor or enforce
compliance with Regulation B, or other state or federal laws and regulations.
● Income from alimony, child support, or separate maintenance payments. Afterpay may
inquire about an Applicant’s obligation to pay alimony, child support, or separate maintenance
income or whether any part of an Applicant’s stated income derives from those sources.
However, Applicants are not required to disclose this information and may disclose this income
information only if Applicants wish to rely on that particular source of income in the
determination of creditworthiness. Afterpay will notify Applicants that they are not required to
disclose this information whenever source of income information is requested. The following is a
sample other income disclosure:
○ Alimony, child support, or separate maintenance income need not be revealed if you
do not wish to have it considered as a basis for repaying this obligation or for account
maintenance.
● Rules for Evaluating Applications. In general, Afterpay may consider any information obtained,
so long as the information is not used to discriminate against an Applicant on a Prohibited Basis.
Except as set forth below, Afterpay shall not take a Prohibited Basis into account when evaluating
the creditworthiness of Applicants.
○ In general, Afterpay will not decide whether to extend credit or set the terms and
conditions of credit based on the age of an Applicant or information related exclusively to
age. However, Afterpay may:
■ Consider age in an empirically derived, demonstrably, and statistically sound,
credit scoring system, as a predictive variable, provided that the age of an elderly
Applicant will not be assigned a negative factor or value.
■ Consider an Applicant's age or whether an Applicant's income derives from any
public assistance program in a judgmental system of evaluating creditworthiness,
only for the purpose of determining a pertinent element of creditworthiness (e.g.,
years until retirement in evaluating whether the Applicant’s income will support
the extension of credit through maturity).
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ Consider the age of an elderly Applicant when the age is used to favor the elderly
Applicant in extending credit, in any system of evaluating creditworthiness.
In evaluating creditworthiness, Afterpay will not make assumptions or use aggregated
statistics relating to the likelihood that any category of persons will bear or rear
children or will, for that reason, receive diminished or interrupted income in the future.
Additionally, if Afterpay considers an Applicant's credit history, Afterpay shall consider
any accounts where the Applicant is contractually liable, and, if the Applicant requests,
Afterpay shall consider any information that may accurately reflect the Applicant's
creditworthiness.
If Afterpay furnishes credit information, accounts should be updated to reflect
participation of both spouses where applicable. The information must be accessible
by either spouse and be searchable under either spouse's name. Additionally, Afterpay
will not refuse to allow an Applicant to open or maintain an account in a birth-given
first name and a surname that is the Applicant's birth-given surname, the spouse's
surname, or a combined surname.
Afterpay will not discount or exclude from consideration the income of an Applicant or
the spouse of an Applicant because of a Prohibited Basis or because the income is
derived from part-time employment or is an annuity, pension, or another retirement
benefit. In addition, Afterpay may consider the amount and probable continuance of
any income in evaluating an Applicant’s creditworthiness. However, when an
Applicant relies on alimony, child support, or separate maintenance payments in
applying for credit, Afterpay shall consider such payments as income to the extent
that Applicants are likely to be consistently made.
Afterpay may retain in its files information that is prohibited by the Act or this part for
use in evaluating Applications, without violating the Act or this part, if the information
was obtained:
● From any source prior to March 23, 1977;
● From consumer reporting agencies, an Applicant, or others without the
specific request of the creditor; or
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● As required to monitor compliance with the Act and this part or other
Federal or state statutes or regulations.
In addition, although Afterpay will not take into account whether an Applicant’s
income derives from any public assistance program when evaluating an Application,
Afterpay may consider pertinent elements of creditworthiness such as the length of
time an Applicant will likely remain eligible to receive such income.
A creditor may ask, but not require, that an Applicant provide information regarding a
Prohibited Basis and, if obtained, use that information for purposes of monitoring
compliance with federal laws and regulations.
Although Afterpay will not consider whether there is a telephone listing in Applicant's
name, Afterpay may consider whether there is a telephone in the Applicant's home.
Afterpay will consider married and unmarried Applicants by the same standards.
Additionally, Afterpay may inquire about and consider the permanent residency and
immigration status of an Applicant.
Afterpay will not refuse to extend credit and or terminate an account because any
credit-related insurance is unavailable on the basis of the Applicant's age.
● Notifications. Afterpay will notify Applicants of action taken on their request for an extension
of credit, regardless of whether such action is favorable or adverse. These notices are
delivered to the Applicant’s e-mail address and/or phone number via SMS after obtaining
proper electronic communications consent and available in Afterpay’s online portal. If E-Sign
consent is not obtained or has been revoked, notices and disclosures will be sent by US postal
mail service. All disclosures required to be given under ECOA will be made in a clear and
conspicuous manner.
Afterpay will notify an Applicant of action taken within:
○ 30 days after receiving a completed Application concerning Afterpay approval of or
Adverse Action on the Application;
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ 30 days after taking Adverse Action on an incomplete Application, unless a notice of
incomplete Application is provided; or
○ 30 days after taking Adverse Action on an existing account.
If, within 30 days after Afterpay receives an Application, the Application is incomplete as to
matters that the Applicant can complete (e.g., the Applicant has not provided information
concerning pay stubs necessary to evaluate the Application), Afterpay will either notify the
Applicant of Adverse Action based on the incompleteness, or provide a notice of
incompleteness specifying:
○ the information needed;
○ designating a reasonable period of time for the Applicant to provide the information;
and
○ informing the Applicant that failure to provide the information requested will result in
no further consideration being given to the Application.
○ 30 days after taking Adverse Action on an incomplete Application, unless a notice of
incomplete Application is provided; or
○ 30 days after taking Adverse Action on an existing account.
Afterpay has no obligation to provide an Adverse Action notice if the Applicant fails to
provide the information within the time period specified. If a credit Application involves
multiple Applicants, Afterpay need only provide notification to the primary Applicant, if
readily apparent.
If Afterpay approves a credit Application, but the parties contemplate an inquiry by the
Applicant into the Application's status, Afterpay may treat the Application as withdrawn if
the Applicant has not inquired within 30 days after applying.
5.4 Complaints
If Afterpay receives a notice that a customer or regulatory agency is alleging an ECOA violation, the
allegation will be handled in accordance with Afterpay's Global Complaint Policy. The allegation will
be immediately escalated to Compliance and Legal and thoroughly investigated.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all
Employees commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Employees engaged in the activity
or performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training
upon hire and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block Inc’ss document retention
guidelines. Additionally, Afterpay maintains all documentation pertaining to consumer credit
Applications for a minimum of 25 months, as required under ECOA.
Documentation that is retained includes the following:
● Applications;
● Written information used in evaluating Applications not returned to an Applicant;
● Call recordings of all oral communications with Applicants;
● Notices of Adverse Action and specific reasons for Adverse Actions; and
● Any statements the Applicants may have submitted alleging ECOA or Regulation B
violations.
They will also maintain records of all prescreened solicitations and targeted marketing efforts for a
minimum of 25 months, which include:
● The text of the solicitations
● The lists of criteria used to select potential recipients of the solicitations; and
● Any correspondence related to complaints about the solicitations.
The 25-month retention period may be extended if Afterpay receives notice that and Applicant’s
account is under investigation or is subject to an enforcement action for an alleged violation. In
these cases, all relevant records will be retained until final disposition of the matter, unless an earlier
time is allowed by order of the agency or court.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Global Complaint Policy
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program
Related References:
Regulation Name Equal Credit Opportunity Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.2 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Counsel
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
17