Acquiring Chargebacks Standard
Cash App
Last Approved: Aug 8, 2025
Effective Date: Aug 8, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Cash App's Acquiring Chargebacks Standard explains how Cash App
processes Chargebacks received from our Customers' banks.
When a Customer uses their credit or debit card for a transaction, they might later question or
dispute that payment with their bank. This can happen for various reasons, such as:
● Unauthorized card use
● Unhappiness with a product or service
● Other transaction concerns
The Chargeback Process Protocol outlines at a high level how this process works.
1. The cardholder initiates a dispute through their financial institution Issuing Bank)
2. Upon review, the Issuing Bank may initiate a formal chargeback procedure through the card
network
3. The chargeback notification is transmitted to Cash App through established network
channels
4. As the merchant of record, Cash App evaluates the chargeback and may:
a. Conduct a transaction review
b. Submit a response to validate the original transaction
c. Accept Chargeback liability
The Chargeback process adheres to the standardized protocols established by card network
regulations to ensure proper dispute resolution.
Scope: This document is relevant for Acquiring Chargebacks related to Cash App transactions
conducted through debit or credit card, excluding Cash App Pay. Cash App is a line of business
under Block, Inc., and is applicable to Cash App U.S.
As of July 2025, true fraud evaluations (see 2.1.1 New Chargebacks) are not supported for AmEx or
any payments still processed through the Cash Service Franklin. Addressing AmEx and migrating
the remaining Franklin payments to new services is planned for Q3 '25. This means by Q4'25 all
transaction types should be supported.
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
1

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Acquirer An Acquiring or Merchant bank. A financial institution that
provides services to Merchants that enable them to accept
branded credit and debit cards for payment.
Arbitration The final stage of the Chargeback lifecycle where the Network
makes a binding decision to resolve a Chargeback when all prior
resolution attempts have failed.
Chargeback It is a financial mechanism in which a debit or credit card
transaction is reversed by the cardholder's issuing bank. The
Merchant who processed that transaction may accept the liability
or represent the Chargeback with evidence of a valid transaction.
Chargeback Cancellation This is the return of funds from a cardholder's issuing bank after
a Chargeback was thought to be resolved as Merchant liability.
Chargeback Reversed The Issuer accepts the Merchant Chargeback Representment as
valid or otherwise does not continue the Chargeback; funds
remain or are returned to Merchant; often referred to as "Won" by
Merchant.
Chargeback Upheld The Issuer continues the Chargeback process after receipt of the
Merchant Chargeback Representment and maintains Merchant
liability; generally referred to as "Lost" by Merchant.
Clawback A term that refers to Cash App retrieving funds from a Consumer
to cover the cost of a Chargeback that was received.
Clawback Reversal / The return of funds retrieved from a Consumer to cover the cost
Reimbursements of a Chargeback that was received after a Chargeback
Cancellation event.
First Party Fraud / This occurs when a consumer uses their own information to
Friendly Fraud commit fraudulent activities, such as falsely disputing a legitimate
transaction or misrepresenting information.
Issuer This is the financial institution, and member of the Card network,
such as Visa, who issues a prepaid, debit or credit card.
Merchant A business or sole proprietor that accepts payments for goods or
services.
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
2

Terminology Definition
Network The entities that facilitate the movement of funds into and out of
debit and credit card products and establish rules that other
players must adhere to.
Pull Transactions A customer initiates a purchase or funding transaction from their
linked debit or credit card into the Cash ecosystem.
Push Transactions Transfers from one account to another account that are initiated
from the account sending funds.
Peer To Peer (“P2Pˮ) A Peer-to-Peer transaction refers to a payment from one
individual to another individual.
Representment The opportunity for an Acquirer/Merchant to respond to a
received Chargeback with details about the customer and/or
transaction.
Template / Chargeback The documentation an Acquirer/Merchant provides in response to
Response a Chargeback.
2. Standard Requirements
2.1 Chargeback Initiation
When a Chargeback is initiated by a cardholder with their issuing bank, it first enters the Cash App
ecosystem via Acquirer reports (like AmEx) or network gateways (like VROL, Mastercom and
Discover Direct). This ultimately lands in the Cash Finplat Disputes CFD service which acts as the
initial intake and validation layer. This service performs several critical checks, including validating
the Chargeback details and ensuring proper formatting. The system processes various types of
Chargebacks-related notifications, from initial Chargeback alerts to resolution updates.
The Chargeback then flows to the Chargeback handling service Payback, which is responsible for
the core decision-making process. Payback checks if the payment exists in the system and
validates its details.
2.1.1 Chargeback Handling
Once a Chargeback notification has been received by Payback, the Cash App process for handling
the Chargeback takes place. This section covers handling for Cash App Pull Transactions.
● Auto-defended Chargebacks
Sometimes, our Acquiring partners may action an incoming Chargeback on our behalf by
responding with Representment documentation. Generally, this is when a Chargeback
occurs on a transaction that is already refunded, or when the Chargeback received is out
of compliance with network rules. In these instances, we receive notice of the Chargeback
and that it has already been defended, and updates later on about the final outcome.
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
3

● New Chargebacks
When a new Chargeback is received, first, for Chargebacks with a fraud reason code, a
call is made to our risk service to evaluate whether the Chargeback is likely to be a result of
truly unauthorized cardholder use (as opposed to Friendly or First Party Fraud). The risk
evaluation utilizes an ML Model to determine if the transaction was 1. the result of stolen
card usage or 2. as the result of an account takeover. If the ML model determines either of
these scenarios exist, Cash App will accept the Chargeback and no further action is taken.
If not, the Chargeback will continue down the processing flow.
For Chargebacks deemed to not be the result of true fraud, the next step in the process is
attempting a Clawback according to the existing policies (see section 2.7 Clawback
Policies).
If a Clawback is successful, the Chargeback will be accepted and no further action is
taken. If a Clawback is not successful, the processing will continue to the next step.
Payback will then evaluate whether the Chargeback meets any other auto-accept criteria.
Remaining auto-accept criteria is generally based on reason code, Issuers, networks and
transaction amounts, representing Cash App business logic that is subject to change based
on business needs. Any Chargebacks that meet the current auto-accept criteria will be
accepted.
At this point, any remaining Chargeback is meant to be responded to.
● Chargeback Response Template Selection
Umpire, our Chargeback Representment service, determines what Template to utilize
based on transaction details, Chargeback reason code, and available evidence.
The evidence might include details about the customer's account, transaction records, or
other documentation that supports the transaction's validity and will be useful for the
issuing banks' assessment of their customers' claim (see more details in section 2.8.
Chargeback Response Details).
Umpire ensures all challenge responses are properly formatted.
● Manually Handled Chargebacks
There is only one exception to the automated Template selection, which is AmEx
Chargebacks. At this time, there is no automated handling for AmEx Chargeback
Responses, so the response Template selection and processing is handled manually by
members of the Disputes Operations team.
Other actions Chargeback updates and record keeping, Clawback policies, and
monitoring) are handled the same.
● Timelines
The Chargeback process overall has timelines governed by the card networks and
procedures of the different parties involved (issuing banks, card schemes, and Merchant
banks). However, for Cash App, the automated processes take 48 hours to run and
respond each time a Chargeback notification is received. This ensures Cash App remains
in compliance with all network response time requirements and gives Issuers ample time to
review responses on their end for follow up with their cardholder.
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
4

Manually handled Chargebacks have due dates visible to the Disputes Operations team
handling responses, corresponding to the network's timeframe requirements for Merchant
responses.
Any failure to respond to an incoming Chargeback Response on the Cash App side in time,
or at all, would result in Cash App accepting liability for the Chargeback.
2.2 Updates to Existing Chargebacks
Once an Issuer receives the Cash Chargeback Response, they will evaluate the details provided
along with their internal records and determine whether they accept the response and reverse the
Chargeback, or would like to continue the Chargeback.
2.3 Chargeback Reversed
In instances where Issuers accept the Cash App response, Cash App considers the Chargeback
Reversed Cash App "Won") as the funds remain or are returned to Cash App. No further actions
are taken.
2.4 Chargeback Upheld
In instances where Issuers would like to continue the Chargeback, Cash App will generally accept
the Chargeback liability Cash App "Lost") to avoid going to Arbitration except in rare
circumstances. This is a business decision that can be changed, if there is ample reason to believe
that a network review of the Chargeback and transaction details will result in a favorable outcome
for Cash App. See more details in the below Section 2.5 Arbitration.)
Once Chargeback liability has been accepted, Cash App may attempt another Clawback. This is
described in further detail in the Section 2.7 Clawback Policies section.
2.5 Arbitration
In some cases where Cash App believes a Chargeback should have been Reversed based on
network rules, we may continue on to Arbitration; it's also possible our Acquiring partners may also
do this on our behalf. During Arbitration, the networks Visa, Mastercard, etc) will review the
evidence presented by both parties to determine the party liable. In a successful Arbitration
attempt, Cash App will be reimbursed for the transaction amount. If an Arbitration attempt is not
successful, the Chargeback liability will remain with Cash App, along with additional fees.
2.6 Recordkeeping
Throughout this entire flow, our Chargeback handling system updates and maintains records that
feed into various data warehouses (like app_cash.app.Chargebacks and
app_cash.app.disputes_metric_summary), allowing for comprehensive monitoring, reporting, and
alerting on key metrics such as Chargeback loss ratios, challenge rates, and Clawback success
rates.
This data-driven approach enables Cash App to continuously monitor and optimize its Chargeback
handling processes while maintaining compliance with card network requirements like the Visa
Acquirer Monitoring Program VAMP. See more details on monitoring in section Monitoring.
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
5

2.7 Clawback Policies
As referenced above, we may attempt to Clawback funds associated with a Chargeback in two
parts of the process: upon receipt of a new Chargeback, and again after assuming liability for a
Chargeback. Our Clawback actions differ based on transaction type and funds movements and are
handled in compliance with our existing policies and procedures for debiting a customer's account.
2.7.1 First Clawback Attempt
● Peer To Peer P2P
Upon receipt of a new Chargeback, Cash App will check where the funds last were (the
P2P recipient, or refunded back to sender) and attempt to Clawback funds from the
customer who last held them, without pushing any balances negative.
If the P2P transaction was refunded, Cash App will attempt to Clawback funds via balance
from the sender.
If the P2P transaction was not refunded, Cash App will attempt to Clawback funds from
recipients' latest push instrument, which could include their stored balance or linked
instruments, without pushing balances negative.
● Non-P2P
For other types of Cash App transactions, on the first attempt, Cash App will only Clawback
if 100% funds are available in the customer's main balance and/or savings balances.
Clawbacks are not done for Loan Repayment transactions; instead the charged back
amount is added back to the outstanding loan.
2.7.2 Second Clawback Attempt
● P2P
After final liability for a Chargeback, Cash App will follow the same logic as the first
attempt, with a slight change in behavior where a refund has occurred. Again, the system
will check where the funds last were (the P2P recipient, or refunded back to sender) and
attempt to Clawback funds from the customer who last held them.
If the P2P transaction was refunded, Cash App will attempt to Clawback funds via balance
from the sender and will send the balance negative if needed.
If the P2P transaction was not refunded, Cash App will attempt to Clawback funds from
recipients' latest push instrument, which could include their SVB or linked instruments,
without pushing balances negative.
● Non-P2P
For other types of Cash App transactions, on the second attempt, Cash App will Clawback
and send the balance negative, if needed. Clawbacks are not done for Loan Repayment
transactions; instead the charged back amount is added back to the outstanding loan.
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
6

2.8 Chargeback Response Details
At a very high level, these are some of the most common types of Chargebacks Cash App
receives, and what is provided to the Issuing Bank in response to the Chargeback request.
Note: The Chargeback reason codes are set by the Issuer and are not necessarily indicative of the
true nature of the Chargeback.
Chargeback Reason Code Category Chargeback Response Details (when/where
applicable)
Fraud Information to allow Issuer to determine whether the
cardholder authorized the payment and card use, such
as: Customer details (name, email, phone) Card
verification details (like micro-auth) Transaction details
(type, time, amount, IP, device information) Previous or
other transactions and their details Recipient details
(name, email, phone) Payment trends (like previous
interactions between sender/recipient) Evidence of a
refund if applicable
Goods/services not received Information to allow Issuer to determine whether the
good/services were in fact received Evidence of a
refund if applicable
Goods/services canceled Information to allow Issuer to determine whether the
goods/services were not actually canceled or cannot be
canceled due to terms of service Evidence of a refund if
applicable
Duplicate transaction Information to allow Issuer to determine whether there
are two separate payments Evidence of a refund if
applicable
Incorrect amount Information to allow Issuer to determine whether the
customer was charged the correct amount Evidence of a
refund if applicable
2.9 Cash Out / Push Chargebacks
There is one subset of transactions that handle Chargebacks a bit differently, and that is for Push
Transactions. In these instances, the notification of a Chargeback means the funds that a customer
attempted to send to their external linked instrument are being returned to Cash App. This can
happen either due to cardholder action or confusion, or be initiated by their external financial
institution directly. In any case, when a Chargeback is received related to this type of transaction,
Cash App accepts the Chargeback. This requires the funds to then be returned to the customer's
stored value balance. This is done automatically upon receipt and acceptance of the Chargeback.
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
7

2.10 Monitoring
These Chargeback procedures and associated services are regularly monitored to ensure
processes are working as expected.
● Service-level tracking and alerting
○ Owner: FinPlat Chargebacks Engineering
○ Monitoring platform: Datadog
● Convenience table and Data Warehouses
○ Owner: Product Data Science PDS + Business Intelligence Engineering BIE
○ Monitoring platform: Anomalo
● Business Metrics
○ Owner: PDS + BIE to set up alerts; PDS + Machine Learning + Financial Operations
to respond when triggered
○ Monitoring platform: Anomalo / Mode
2.11 Chargeback Cancellations
Rarely, a Customer may later decide, outside of the Chargeback cycle, to cancel their dispute (or
their bank will do so on their behalf). As a result, the Customer's bank may return the money to
Cash App that was originally charged-back. If Cash App has already clawed back funds
associated with the Chargeback, the funds are owed back to the account it was originally clawed
back from.
2.11.1 Clawback Reversal / Reimbursements
As of May 2025, the process of reversing a Clawback has been manual and instigated only after
Customer outreach, but Cash App is currently in the process of automating this flow for improved
Customer experience. Once this new process is fully live, Customers who had a Clawback
associated with a Chargeback that is later Cancelled will automatically receive a Clawback
Reversal to the original Clawback instrument. This is currently live for 100% of Chargeback
Reversals for Transfers.
2.12 Chargeback Dispute Documentation Recordkeeping Requirements
All documentation is retained in compliance with our Money Transmissions Licensing requirements
and Block's Data Retention Standard.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Consumer Protection Lead as the owner of this Standard, is responsible for:
○ Developing the Standard to outline the Program for Acquiring Chargebacks;
○ Ensuring regulatory requirements are included in documentation;
○ Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant
stakeholders including business partners;
○ Liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Standard updates;
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
8

○ Conducting periodic review(s) of the Standard; and
○ Delegating and overseeing documentation requirements, as needed.
● Head of Block Consumer Protection is the approver of this Standard.
Cash App Roles:
● FinOps Acquiring:
○ Serves as the subject matter expert for content relevant to this Standard;
○ Communicates roles and responsibilities for the execution of this Standard
to relevant stakeholders including business partners; and
○ Conducts periodic review(s) of this Standard.
● FinPlat Chargebacks Engineering owns the integrations with third party services,
networks and acquirers Visa VROL, Mastercom, etc) associated with chargebacks,
and owns the internal handling of states, actions, and ledgering associated with
chargebacks on Cash App.
● Behavioral Insights Team BIT is a fraud analysis team that identifies, describes,
and organizes Cash App Consumer behaviors. BIT investigates and analyzes
emerging threats to provide intel to Risk Machine Learning ML.
● Risk Machine Learning maintains and supports models that apply actions based on
transactional behavior and evaluates whether incoming chargebacks are true fraud.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy,
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive
management.
3.3 Record Retention
All documentation is retained in compliance with Block's Data Retention Standard and Cash
Addendum, which specifies retention periods for chargeback related records in accordance with
regulatory requirements.
3.4 Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws
and regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request,
and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
9

4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Lee Buchmann Consumer Creation New Document Jun 18, 2025
Protection
Compliance Lead
Brian Kollmeyer Head of Block Approval Aug 8, 2025
Consumer
Protection
Document Details:
Business Cash App
Scope US
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Consumer Protection Compliance Program
Manager
Approved By Head of Block Consumer Protection
Document Tier Tier 3
Acquiring Chargebacks Standard ┃Cash App
10