Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 5
3. Purpose 5
4. Scope 6
5. Policy Requirements 6
5.1 Policy Statement 6
5.2 GLBA Policy Requirements 7
6. Roles and Responsibilities 10
7. Document Management 11
7.1 Document Owner 11
7.2 Review and Approval 11
8. Training 11
9. Monitoring and Reporting 11
10. Exceptions 12
11. Record Retention 12
12. Related Documentation or References 12
13. Revision and Approval History 12
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 12
13.2 Approval History 13
14. Document Details 13
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Consumer An individual who obtains from Afterpay a financial product or service
that is to be used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes.
For example, a Consumer is an individual who applies for credit
(regardless of whether the credit is extended).
Customer (“GLBA”) A Consumer who has a continuing relationship with Afterpay under
which Afterpay provides one or more financial products or services.
NOTE: A Consumer has a more temporary relationship with Afterpay
than a Customer. All Customers are Consumers, but all Consumers are
not Customers.
Personally Any information – financial or otherwise – that Afterpay has about the
Identifiable Customers, which can be tied to a specific Customer.
Financial
Information
Nonpublic Personal The nonpublic portion of Personally Identifiable Financial Information,
Information including any Customer lists. Nonpublic personal information consists of
nonpublic information that is collected in connection with providing a
financial product or service. Specifically, it means:
● Personally identifiable financial information, which includes:
○ Information a Customer provides on an application;
○ Account balance information, payment history, overdraft
history, and credit or debit card purchase information;
○ Any information collected through an Internet “cookie”;
○ Information from a Consumer report;
○ The fact that an individual is or has been one of Afterpay’s
Customers or has obtained a financial product or service
from us; and
○ Any information about Afterpay’s Customer if it is
disclosed in a manner that indicates that the individual is
or has been Afterpay’s Customer.
● Any list, description, or other grouping of Consumers that is
derived using any Personally Identifiable Financial Information
that is not publicly available. Lists include, but are not limited to,
any list of individuals’ names and addresses that is derived in
whole or in part using personally identifiable information that is
not publicly available, such as account numbers.
NOTE: Nonpublic personal information does not include information that
is available from public sources, such as telephone directories or
government records. It also does not include aggregate information or
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
blind data that does not contain personal identifiers.
Affiliate Any company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with another company.
Nonaffiliated Third Persons or entities except Affiliates and persons jointly employed by a
Party financial institution and a Nonaffiliated Third Party. GLBA Privacy Rules
restrict information sharing with Nonaffiliated Third Parties.
2. Introduction
This Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Afterpay US, Inc. (“Afterpay”)y’s commitment
to comply with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their
designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate Afterpay’s commitment to comply with the GLBA. To
ensure that Customers are protected against unwanted sharing of their financial information, GLBA
includes a series of regulations known as the Privacy Rules. The Privacy Rules are intended to ensure
the confidentiality and security of Consumer and Customer information.
When an institution chooses to share Customer information, a Customer can opt out, or forbid the
sharing of their information in certain instances.
The GLBA Privacy Rules address the following four concepts:
● Afterpay’s obligation to inform Consumers and Customers of its policies and procedures
regarding the sharing of their personal information;
● The concept of personal Customer information, and the limited exceptions under which
Afterpay may share this information with outside parties;
● Afterpay’s responsibilities to protect personal Customer information; and
● Afterpay’s responsibility to establish appropriate standards relating to safeguarding
Customer information.
The three principal requirements of the GLBA Privacy Rules are as follows:
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Afterpay must provide Customers with notices describing its privacy policies and
practices, including policies with respect to the disclosure of Nonpublic Personal
Information to Affiliates and to Nonaffiliated Third Party;
● Subject to specific exceptions, Afterpay may not disclose Nonpublic Personal Information
about Consumers to any Nonaffiliated Third Party unless Consumers are given a
reasonable opportunity to direct that such information not be shared (i.e., opt-out); and
● Afterpay generally may not disclose account numbers to any Nonaffiliated Third Party for
marketing purposes.
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay . This Policy is applicable to Afterpay’s Employees and sets out
the approach to GLBA compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay and relevant
personnel are aware of and comply with expectations regarding GLBA.
5. Policy Requirements
5.1 Policy Statement
Afterpay seeks to proactively comply with all requirements that stem from regulations that govern
its activities. The Privacy Rules within the GLBA apply to all activities that involve nonaffiliated third
parties and the disclosure of Nonpublic Personal Information for Consumers, as well as providing
privacy disclosures where applicable.
Afterpay respects the privacy of its Customers and is committed to treating Customer information
responsibly. Afterpay is dedicated to protecting confidential information and has established
standards and procedures to safeguard that personal information.
It is the policy of Afterpay not to disclose Nonpublic Personal Information about its Customers to
nonaffiliated third parties except as authorized by law. If Afterpay chooses to share Nonpublic
Personal Information to nonaffiliated third parties, subject to legal exceptions, Afterpay will ensure
that the Customer is provided with the right to opt out or limit the sharing where required by
notifying Afterpay of such intent through the use of a mail-in form or other permissible means.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.2 GLBA Policy Requirements
Information about Customers is accumulated in various ways including: at the point of purchase or
service, when Customer service inquiries are made, information from a consumer report, or when
Afterpay responds to Customer requests for information.
● Information Afterpay is Allowed to Share. The law allows Afterpay to share
information with its Affiliates, to the extent that there is a need for its Affiliate to have
that information, and subject to the opt-out provisions for Affiliate marketing and
Consumer credit report information established by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Afterpay may share information with Nonaffiliated Third Parties without meeting the
“opt-out” condition (defined below), under any of the following conditions:
○ To market Afterpay’s own financial products or services;
○ Where third parties are performing services or functions on behalf of Afterpay,
including marketing Afterpay’s own products or services or products and
services offered pursuant to a joint agreement between Afterpay and another
financial institution, provided that Afterpay:
■ Discloses that arrangement; and
■ Enters into an agreement with the third party to maintain the
confidentiality of the information.
○ The Customer consents;
○ It is necessary to effect, administer, or enforce a transaction requested or
authorized by the Customer;
○ To process and service transactions the Customer requests or authorizes;
○ To protect against potential fraud or unauthorized transactions;
○ To protect the confidentiality or security of Afterpay’s records;
○ For risk control purposes or for resolving Customer disputes;
○ To persons holding a legal or beneficial interest relating to the Customer;
○ To persons acting in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Customer;
○ To law enforcement agencies if permitted or required under other provisions of
law;
○ To respond to judicial process, attorneys, accountants, and auditors;
○ To respond to governmental authorities for examination, compliance, or other
lawful purposes;
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ To a Consumer reporting agency in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting
Act; or
○ To comply with federal state or local laws.
● Opt-Out Provision. If Afterpay plans to share Nonpublic Personal Information with
nonaffiliated third parties in any other capacity than as defined above, Afterpay will
offer Customers the opportunity to opt out of the information sharing process. Prior to
any such sharing, Afterpay will ensure that the Customer is provided with the right to
opt out or limit the sharing by notifying Afterpay of the intent to opt out through the
use of a mail-in form or other permissible means. If Afterpay will share information
with its Affiliates, Afterpay will provide opt-outs as required by FCRA when necessary.
● GLBA Notice to New Customers. Afterpay is required to provide a copy of the GLBA
Notice when it enters into a Customer relationship with a Consumer. A Customer
relationship means a continuing relationship between a Consumer and Afterpay, and
is established when Afterpay provides one or more financial products or services to
the Consumer that are to be used primarily for personal, family, or household
purposes. Afterpay will make the GLBA Notice available on the website and require
the Consumer/Customer to acknowledge receipt of the notice as a necessary step in
applying for a loan from Afterpay.
The GLBA Notice will accurately reflect the privacy policies and practices as they relate
to: a) Afterpay’s Customers; and b) Consumers who may inquire or apply for its
services, but do not become Customers. If Afterpay’s sharing of information changes, a
new GLBA Notice will be delivered to covered Customers. Afterpay does not disclose
Nonpublic Personal Information about Customers to anyone, except as permitted by
law. When Customers close accounts or become inactive Customers, Afterpay adheres
to the privacy policies and practices as described in its privacy disclosures. It is
Afterpay’s policy not to reveal specific information about Customer accounts or other
personally identifiable data to Nonaffiliated Third Parties for their independent use,
except as permitted by law.
● Annual GLBA Notice. Not less than annually thereafter, as applicable, Afterpay may
provide a GLBA Notice, subject to statutory exemptions, to applicable Customers as
long as there is a continuation of the Customer relationship. Annually means at least
once in any period of 12 consecutive months during which that relationship exists.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Changes to the GLBA Notice. Afterpay will not disclose any Nonpublic Personal
Information about a Customer other than as described in the GLBA Notice, unless
Afterpay provides a clear and conspicuous revised notice that accurately describes the
new policies and practices – along with any appropriate opt-out. In such
circumstances, Afterpay will post the GLBA Notice on the website and send an email
to all applicable Customers notifying them of the location of the Notice.
Afterpay will not engage in such sharing until after it provides at least 30 days for the
Customer to opt out.
● Other Information Use and Sharing Restrictions. Account numbers or similar forms
of access numbers or access codes for a Customer's account cannot be disclosed to
any Nonaffiliated Third Party for the purpose of marketing non‑bank products.
Customer information or other types of information obtained from companies for
which Afterpay is a service provider may not be used beyond the purpose of the
contract.
Business lines are responsible for ensuring that information passed to non‑affiliated
third parties (e.g., service providers, marketing companies, etc.) is limited to
information needed to fulfill the service provided by the third party.
Nonpublic personal information obtained concerning non-Customers, Consumers,
and Customers may not be disclosed to third parties to make their own product.
● Confidentiality and Security. Afterpay is committed to the security of Customer
financial and personal information. All of Afterpay’s operational and data processing
systems are in a secure environment that protects account information from being
accessed by third parties. Afterpay maintains and grants access to Customer
information only in accordance with its internal security standards.
Afterpay’s Employee access to personally identifiable Customer information is limited
to those with a business reason to know such information. Employees are educated
on the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of Customer information and on
these privacy principles. Because of the importance of these issues, Afterpay's
Employees are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Customer
information, and Employees who violate these privacy policies will be subject to
disciplinary measures, including, but not limited to termination.
● Maintenance of Accurate Information. Afterpay continually strives to maintain
complete and accurate information about Customer accounts.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Maintaining Customer Privacy in Third Party Relationships. When Afterpay
conducts business with third parties, Afterpay requires vendors and suppliers to
maintain similar standards of conduct regarding the privacy of personally identifiable
Customer information provided to them.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all
Employees commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Employees engaged in the activity
or performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training
upon hire and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will retain all records in accordance with applicable GLBA requirements and Block, Inc.’s
document retention guidelines.
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related References:
Regulation Name Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Sojeong Hong Privacy Counsel Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
13