Equal Credit Opportunity
Act Policy
Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product |
Block, Inc.
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Cash App’s U.S.
business operations and on a need-to-know basis.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 6
3. Scope 6
4. Policy Requirements 6
4.1 Policy Statement 6
4.2 Fair Lending Requirements 7
4.3 General ECOA Requirements 8
5. Document Management 12
5.1 Document Owner 12
5.2 Review and Approval 12
6. Training 12
7. Monitoring and Reporting 13
8. Exceptions 13
9. Record Retention 13
10. Related Documentation or References 14
11. Revision and Approval History 14
12. Document Details 15
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Adverse Action (a) A refusal to grant credit in substantially the amount or on substantially
the terms requested in an Application unless Cash App Lending makes
a counteroffer (to grant credit in a different amount or on other terms)
and the Applicant uses or expressly accepts the credit offered;
(b) A termination of an account or an unfavorable change in the terms of
an account that does not affect all or substantially all of a class of the
creditor's accounts; or
(c) A refusal to increase the amount of credit available to an applicant who
has made an application for an increase.
Adverse Action does not include a change in the terms of an account
expressly agreed to by an Applicant, or any action or forbearance
relating to an account taken in connection with inactivity, default, or
delinquency as to that account.
Applicant A person (individual or entity) that requests credit or who has received credit
from Cash App Lending, including any person that may become contractually
liable for credit provided by Cash App Lending.
Application An oral or written request for an extension of credit made in accordance with
procedures used by Cash App Lending for the type of credit requested.
Completed An application that Cash App Lending has received which contains all the
Application information that Cash App Lending regularly obtains and considers in
evaluating applications for the amount and type of credit requested (including,
but not limited to, credit reports, any additional information requested from
the applicant, and any approvals or reports by governmental agencies or other
persons that are necessary to guarantee, insure, or provide security for the
credit or collateral).
Credit Products Any of Cash App US’s lending products including (1) Borrow (2) Pre-Purchase
Financing (3) Retroactive Financing or (4) Cash App Afterpay Online Checkout,
unless otherwise noted.
Prohibited Basis Race, national origin, color, religion, sex (including sexual orientation and
gender identity), marital status, age, (provided the Applicant has the capacity
to contract); the fact that all or part of the Applicant’s income derives from a
public assistance program; or the fact that the Applicant has in good faith
exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act.
Note: In addition to the protected classes listed above, Cash App does not
discriminate based on the following protected classes under the Fair Housing Act
and various state laws: Servicemember or veteran Status; Disability; Familial
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Status; Gender/gender identity/gender expression; Sexual orientation;
Pregnancy; HIV Status; Ancestry; or Immigration Status (except to the extent it
impacts a creditor’s ability to service or collect the debt).
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be responsible for
establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that Cash App
operations reflect Cash App’s commitment to compliance and that all Staff
Members are aware of that commitment and their individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and reporting on
compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of Compliance may delegate to
others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and
reporting that support this Policy.
Product Compliance The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and is
Lead responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to
this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations, (iii)
ensuring regulatory risks are identified in documentation, (iv) providing and
communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including
business partners, (v) liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy
updates, (vi) conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating
and overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Staff Members Cash App’s Staff Members are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii) completing
any required compliance training in a timely manner, and (iii) promptly
reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements.
Lending Regulatory Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
Counsel regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Cash App’s (“Cash App”) commitment to comply
with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (“ECOA”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their designee is
responsible for the management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate the commitment of Cash App to comply with ECOA, its
implementing Regulation B and state equivalents, which were adopted to promote the availability of credit to
all creditworthy Applicants and to prevent discriminatory practices throughout all aspects of a creditor’s
dealings with an Applicant regarding a credit transaction. ECOA also requires creditors to notify Applicants
of action taken on their Applications under certain circumstances and to retain records regarding their
Applications.
3. Scope
This Policy applies to all of Cash App’s lending operations that involve any interaction with Applicants and
the development, offering, selling, servicing and or collections of Credit Products within the United States.
This Policy has been created to ensure that Cash App’s Staff Members are aware of and comply with
expectations regarding these requirements.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Policy Statement
Cash App is committed to ensuring its business activities result in fair, consistent, and responsible treatment
of all consumers, and comply with all applicable state and federal laws governing non-discriminatory lending
practices.
The standards set out in this Policy represent minimum requirements based on applicable legal and
regulatory guidance and apply throughout Cash App’s lending operations. These requirements are intended
to prevent Cash App’s Staff Members from violating federal and state regulations related to consumer
compliance with respect to Fair Lending laws, regulations, and practices.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2 Fair Lending Requirements
● Prohibition on Discrimination. Cash App will not discriminate against an Applicant regarding any aspect
of a credit transaction on a Prohibited Basis. This prohibition applies to all dealings between the
Applicant and Cash App regarding an Application for credit or for an existing extension for credit
throughout the credit lifecycle, including but not limited to:
○ The marketing or solicitation of products offered by Cash App;
○ Requests for product information;
○ The Application and origination process;
○ The standards for evaluating creditworthiness and the terms of credit offered by Cash App;
○ The servicing and collection of existing extensions of credit; and
○ The furnishing of credit information to consumer reporting agencies.
Cash App requires that policies, procedures, disclosures, customer agreements, communications, marketing
strategies, and solicitations to be carefully crafted and reviewed to ensure Cash App adheres to the
non-discriminatory and principled standards under ECOA and Regulation B. Each Staff Member must be
mindful of providing consistent treatment to all Applicants regardless of any Prohibited Basis. Staff
Members are responsible for interacting with all Applicants and consumers in an ethical, fair, and
professional manner in accordance with this Policy.
● Prohibition on Discriminatory Discouragement. Cash App's prohibition on discrimination extends to all
aspects of a credit transaction, which includes the initial offering or marketing of Cash App’s Credit
Products and services. Cash App and its merchants will not discourage any Applicant or prospective
Applicant from inquiring about, applying for, or otherwise pursuing a Cash App Credit Product or service
on a Prohibited Basis. Among other things, this means that Cash App and its Staff Members will not, on a
Prohibited Basis:
○ Make statements suggesting that a prospective Applicant not apply for Credit Products or
services;
○ Use words, symbols, or models that suggest a discriminatory preference or policy of exclusion; or
○ Withhold assistance or information from prospective Applicants that would ordinarily be
extended to other prospective Applicants.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Types of Discrimination Under ECOA. This Policy extends to the forms of discrimination under ECOA that
have been recognized by courts and other federal regulators. These forms of discrimination include:
○ Overt Discrimination. Overt discrimination is present where a creditor openly discriminates
against an Applicant on a Prohibited Basis or engages in blatant actions or policies based on the
prejudice of a Prohibited Basis.
○ Disparate Treatment. Disparate Treatment is present where differences in treatment are not fully
explained by legitimate non-discriminatory factors. It does not require any showing that the
treatment was motivated by prejudice or a conscious intention to discriminate against a person
beyond the difference in the treatment itself.
○ Disparate Impact. Disparate Impact is present when a creditor applies a facially neutral policy or
practice to all Applicants, but the policy or practice disproportionately excludes or burdens
certain Applicants on a Prohibited Basis. Evidence of discriminatory intent is not necessary to
establish that disparate impact has occurred.
4.3 General ECOA Requirements
● Limitations on Information Requests. Cash App will not collect the information listed below in connection
with a credit transaction.
○ Information regarding race, color, religion, national origin, or sex of the Applicant or any other
person connected with the prospective credit transaction. The Applicant, however, can be asked
to designate a title such as Ms., Miss, Mr., or Mrs. although Cash App must inform the Applicant
that providing such designation is optional.
○ Information concerning the spouse of an Applicant, unless:
■ The spouse will be permitted to use the account;
■ The spouse will be contractually liable on the account;
■ The Applicant is relying on the spouse's income as a basis for repayment of the credit
requested;
■ The Applicant resides in a community property state or is relying on property located in
such a state as a basis for repayment of the credit requested; or
■ The Applicant is relying on alimony, child support, or separate maintenance payments
from a spouse or former spouse as a basis for repayment of the credit requested.
○ Information concerning childbearing or child rearing, including birth control practices, intentions
concerning the bearing or rearing of children, or capability to bear children.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
If an applicant applies for individual unsecured credit, a creditor shall not inquire about the applicant's
marital status unless the applicant resides in a community property state or is relying on property
located in such a state as a basis for repayment of the credit requested. If an application is for other than
individual unsecured credit, a creditor may inquire about the applicant's marital status, but shall use only
the terms married, unmarried, and separated. A creditor may explain that the category unmarried includes
single, divorced, and widowed persons.
Note that Cash App may inquire about the number and ages of an Applicant’s dependents or about
dependent-related financial obligations or expenditures, provided such information is requested without
regard to sex, marital status, or any other Prohibited Basis.
Cash App may inquire about information concerning a Prohibited Basis of an Applicant in connection with
a credit transaction in two limited circumstances: (1) to conduct a "self-test"; and (2) to request a title on
an Application that may indicate the sex of the Applicant, provided Cash App discloses that the
designation is optional. Reports, results, or any other information concerning Cash App’s "self-test" are
generally privileged against disclosure provided certain requirements as set forth in ECOA are met..
Cash App may also obtain information required by law to monitor or enforce compliance with Regulation
B, or other state or federal laws and regulations.
● Income from alimony, child support, or separate maintenance payments. Cash App may inquire about an
Applicant’s obligation to pay alimony, child support, or separate maintenance income or whether any part
of an Applicant’s stated income derives from those sources. However, Applicants are not required to
disclose this information and may disclose this income information only if Applicants wish to rely on that
particular source of income in the determination of creditworthiness. Cash App will notify Applicants that
they are not required to disclose this information whenever source of income information is requested.
The following is a sample other income disclosure:
○ Alimony, child support, or separate maintenance income need not be revealed if you do not wish to
have it considered as a basis for repaying this obligation or for account maintenance.
● Rules for Evaluating Applications. In general, Cash App may consider any information obtained, so long
as the information is not used to discriminate against an Applicant on a Prohibited Basis. Except as set
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
forth below, Cash App shall not take a Prohibited Basis into account when evaluating the
creditworthiness of Applicants.
○ In general, Cash App will not decide whether to extend credit or set the terms and conditions of
credit based on the age of an Applicant or information related exclusively to age (except to
determine legal capacity to contract).
In evaluating creditworthiness, Cash App will not make assumptions or use aggregated statistics
relating to the likelihood that any category of persons will bear or rear children or will, for that
reason, receive diminished or interrupted income in the future. Additionally, if Cash App
considers an Applicant's credit history, Cash App may consider any accounts where the Applicant
is contractually liable.
If Cash App furnishes credit information to a consumer reporting agency the information must
enable the consumer reporting agency to provide access to the information in the name of each
spouse.. Additionally, Cash App will not refuse to allow an Applicant to open or maintain an
account in a birth-given first name and a surname that is the Applicant's birth-given surname, the
spouse's surname, or a combined surname.
Cash App will not discount or exclude from consideration the income of an Applicant or the
spouse of an Applicant because of a Prohibited Basis or because the income is derived from
part-time employment or is an annuity, pension, or another retirement benefit. In addition, Cash
App may consider the amount and probable continuance of any income in evaluating an
Applicant’s creditworthiness. However, when an Applicant relies on alimony, child support, or
separate maintenance payments in applying for credit, Cash App shall consider such payments
as income to the extent that Applicants are likely to be consistently made.
Cash App may retain in its files information that is prohibited by the Act or this part for use in
evaluating Applications, without violating the Act or this part, if the information was obtained:
● From any source prior to March 23, 1977;
● From consumer reporting agencies, an Applicant, or others without the specific
request of the creditor; or
● As required to monitor compliance with the Act and this part or other Federal or
state statutes or regulations.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Use of such information as to any Applicant during any part of the credit lifecycle in a manner
inconsistent with this Policy is prohibited. A creditor may ask, but not require, that an Applicant
provide information regarding a Prohibited Basis and, if obtained, use that information for
purposes of monitoring compliance with federal laws and regulations.
Although Cash App will not consider whether there is a telephone listing in Applicant's name,
Cash App may consider whether there is a telephone in the Applicant's home.
Cash App will consider married and unmarried Applicants by the same standards. Additionally,
Cash App may inquire about and consider the permanent residency and immigration status of an
Applicant.
Cash App will not refuse to extend credit and or terminate an account because any credit-related
insurance is unavailable on the basis of the Applicant's age.
● Notifications. Cash App will notify Applicants of action taken on their request for an extension of
credit, regardless of whether such action is favorable or adverse. These notices are delivered to the
Applicant electronically obtaining proper electronic communications consent. All disclosures
required to be given under ECOA will be made in a clear and conspicuous manner.
Cash App will notify an Applicant of action taken within:
○ 30 days after receiving a Completed Application;
○ 30 days after taking Adverse Action on an incomplete Application, unless a notice of
incomplete Application is provided; or
○ 30 days after taking Adverse Action on an existing account.
If, within 30 days after Cash App receives an Application, the Application is incomplete as to matters
that the Applicant can complete (e.g., the Applicant has not provided information concerning pay
stubs necessary to evaluate the Application), Cash App will either notify the Applicant of Adverse
Action based on the incompleteness, or provide a notice of incompleteness specifying the
information needed; designating a reasonable period of time for the Applicant to provide the
information; and informing the Applicant that failure to provide the information requested will result
in no further consideration being given to the Application.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Cash App has no obligation to provide an Adverse Action notice if the Applicant fails to provide the
information within the time period specified. If a credit Application involves multiple Applicants, Cash
App need only provide notification to the primary Applicant, if readily apparent.
If Cash App approves a credit Application, but the parties contemplate an inquiry by the Applicant
into the Application's status, Cash App may treat the Application as withdrawn if the Applicant has
not inquired within 30 days after applying.
If Cash App receives a notice that a customer or regulatory agency is alleging an ECOA violation, the
allegation will be handled in accordance with Cash App's Global Complaint Policy. The allegation will
be immediately escalated to Compliance and Legal and thoroughly investigated.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee, will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition,
any modifications to this Policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in
accordance with the Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval
Matrix.
6. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all Staff
Members commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Staff Members engaged in the activity or
performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training upon hire
and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are outlined in
Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to approve
exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not
violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that Cash App will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
Cash App will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block Inc’s document retention guidelines.
Additionally, Cash App maintains all documentation pertaining to consumer credit Applications for a
minimum of 25 months after the date that Cash App notifies an Applicant of action taken on an Application
or of incompleteness, as required under ECOA.
Documentation that is retained includes the following:
● Applications;
● Written information used in evaluating Applications not returned to an Applicant;
● Call recordings of all oral communications with Applicants;
● Notices of Adverse Action and specific reasons for Adverse Actions; and
● Any statements the Applicants may have submitted alleging ECOA or Regulation B violations.
They will also maintain records of all prescreened solicitations and targeted marketing efforts for a minimum
of 25 months, which include:
● The text of the solicitations
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● The lists of criteria used to select potential recipients of the solicitations; and
● Any correspondence related to complaints about the solicitations.
Additionally, Cash App maintains all documentation of existing accounts for a minimum of 25 months after
the date that a creditor notifies an applicant of adverse action, the creditor shall retain as to that account, in
original form or a copy thereof:
● (i) Any written or recorded information concerning the adverse action; and
● (ii) Any written statement submitted by the applicant alleging a violation of the Act or this part.
The 25-month retention period may be extended if Cash App receives notice that it is subject to an
enforcement proceeding and an Applicant’s account is under investigation or is subject to an enforcement
action for an alleged violation. In these cases, all relevant records will be retained in accordance with Block’s
Document Management Policy.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Global Complaint Policy
Related Policy Block, Inc. Document Management Policy
Related Program Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program Standard
Related References:
Regulation Name Equal Credit Opportunity Act
11. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Maya Parekh Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Approved Jan 6, 2025
Counsel
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamber… Product Creation Initial creation of Jan 10, 2025
Compliance Lead policy
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Initial Approval Initial approval of Jan 13, 2025
Compliance policy
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Initial Approval Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
Corey Chamber… Product Material Cha… Addition of new Mar 14, 2025
Compliance Lead credit product
within policy scope
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Compliance credit product
within policy scope
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Committee Committee credit product
within policy scope
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [United States]
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date Apr 1, 2025
Effective Date Apr 1, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually [January 2026]
Equal Credit Opportunity Act | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
15