Unfair, Deceptive, or
Abusive Acts or Practices
Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 4
3. Purpose 4
4. Scope 4
5. Policy Requirements 5
5.1 Policy Statement 5
5.2 UDAAP Standards 5
5.3 Afterpay’s Policy Requirements 7
6. Roles and Responsibilities 11
7. Document Management 12
7.1 Document Owner 12
7.2 Review and Approval 12
8. Training 12
9. Monitoring and Reporting 12
10. Exceptions 13
11. Record Retention 13
12. Related Documentation or References 13
13. Revision and Approval History 14
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 14
13.2 Approval History 14
14. Document Details 14
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
2. Introduction
This Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy (“Policy”) outlines Afterpay US, Inc.’s
(“Afterpay”) commitment to comply with the documented prohibitions against engaging in unfair,
deceptive, or abusive acts or practices (“UDAAP”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their
designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate the commitment of Afterpay to comply with the
documented prohibitions against engaging in UDAAPs.
The prohibitions against engaging in UDAAPs are contained in sections 1031 and 1036 of the
Dodd-Frank Act, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act.
Afterpay’s Board recognizes that UDAAP violations can present significant legal, reputational, and
compliance risk for Afterpay. Afterpay’s prevention of UDAAP violations requires the implementation
of standards and best practices that impose transparency, truthfulness, suitability, and fairness in all
aspects of transactions and other dealings with consumers.
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay. This Policy is applicable to Afterpay’s Employees and sets out
the approach to UDAAP compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay is aware of
and complies with expectations regarding UDAAP.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5. Policy Requirements
5.1 Policy Statement
Afterpay is committed to offering its products and services through all stages of the product life
cycle in a fair and responsible manner. Afterpay expects that the terms and conditions of its products
and services will be communicated to consumers in a transparent manner and that these products
will offer a tangible benefit.
Wherever state or local regulations overlap and are stricter than the requirements set out in this
Policy, the more conservative approach will be applied in those jurisdictions. If any applicable laws
conflict with this Policy, Afterpay will consult with appropriate legal counsel to resolve the conflict
and adjust Afterpay’s policies and procedures to ensure compliance.
Afterpay is committed to:
● Ensuring that Afterpay Employees participate in any representation, omission, or practice
that is unfair, deceptive, or abusive;
● Ensuring that consumers understand the products and services they receive;
● Providing advertising and disclosures in a clear, transparent, and accurate manner; and
● Incorporating best practices for all aspects of Afterpay’s operations to avoid engaging in
acts or practices that are unfair, deceptive, or abusive.
5.2 UDAAP Standards
The application of UDAAP standards set forth below (the “UDAAP Standards”) fact-based and
context dependent. As a result, it is important that all Afterpay policies, procedures, customer
agreements, communications, advertisements, and solicitations are carefully reviewed by the Cash
App Head of Compliance or designee(s) for UDAAP compliance. This includes materials prepared
both by and for Afterpay.
The legal standards for unfairness, deception, and abusiveness are defined below. These standards
may be interpreted with other existing rules and regulations that may be applicable to an act or
practice.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Unfair Acts or Practices. An act or practice is unfair where it causes or is likely to cause
substantial injury to consumers which cannot be reasonably avoided and is not
outweighed by countervailing benefits to consumers or to competition.
Public policy, as established by statute, regulation or judicial decisions may be considered,
with other evidence, to determine whether an act or practice is unfair.
It should also be noted that Afterpay complies with updated guidance that discrimination
may be considered an unfair act or practice. As such, Afterpay will treat all applicants and
customers equally, and will not discriminate during any stage of the product life cycle,
including marketing, account opening, servicing and collections.
● Deceptive Acts or Practices. An act or practice is deceptive where there is a
representation, omission, or practice that misleads or is likely to mislead consumers who
are acting reasonably under the circumstances and the representation, omission, or
practice is material.
A deceptive representation may be expressed or implied claims or promises and may be
written or oral. The omission of information may be deceptive if disclosures of the omitted
information is necessary to prevent a consumer from being misled. When representations
or marketing practices are targeted to a specific audience, such as the elderly or
financially unsophisticated, the standard is based upon the effects of the act or practice
on a reasonable member of that group.
● Abusive Acts or Practices. An act or practice is abusive if it materially interferes with the
ability of a consumer to understand a term or condition of a product or service or takes
unreasonable advantage of: (i) a lack of understanding on the part of the consumer of the
material risks, costs or conditions of the product or service; (ii) the inability of the
consumer to protect the interests of the consumer in selecting or using the financial
product or service; or (iii) the reasonable reliance by the consumer on a covered person to
act in the interests of the consumer.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.3 Afterpay’s Policy Requirements
The UDAAP Standards apply to Afterpay’s business activities. Afterpay requires that policies,
procedures, disclosures, customer agreements, communications, advertisements, sales materials,
and solicitations be reviewed by Compliance to ensure Afterpay complies with the standards defined
under UDAAP laws, regulations, and guidance.
● Advertising and Disclosure Guidelines. Afterpay will review all advertisements,
promotions, related sales materials, and any consumer communications, prior to their use
in business activities to ensure they fairly, accurately, and transparently represent the
benefits, costs, and risks of the product(s) or service(s) addressed. Afterpay is committed
to the following principles with regard to marketing, advertising, and sales materials
(including merchant marketing). Such materials will:
○ Fairly, clearly, timely, and adequately disclose and describe all terms, benefits,
costs, risks, and material limitations of the product or service being offered,
including any related or optional products and services;
○ Not intentionally misrepresent the above-referenced terms, benefits, costs, risks,
and material limitations either affirmatively or by omission;
○ Not use intentionally misleading headlines;
○ Use conspicuous disclosures to clarify potentially misleading headlines instead of
fine print, separate statements, or inconspicuous disclosures;
○ Have a reasonable factual basis for all representations made in all communications
to consumers;
○ Draw the attention of consumers to key terms, including limitations and
conditions that are important in enabling the consumer to make an informed
decision regarding whether the product or service meets their needs;
○ Inform consumers in a clear and timely manner about fees, penalties, or other
charges that have been imposed, and the reasons for their imposition;
○ Clearly inform consumers of contract provisions that permit a change in the terms
and conditions of the agreement;
○ Clearly inform customers when the approved account terms are less favorable
than the advertised terms or terms previously disclosed;
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Clearly disclose any limitations, conditions, or restrictions on the offer when using
terms such as “pre-approved,” or “guaranteed”;
○ Not make claims, representations, or statements that mislead the target audience
about cost, value, availability, cost savings, benefits, or terms of the product or
service; and
○ Avoid advertising that a particular service will be provided in connection with an
account if there is no intent or ability to provide or monitor the receipt of that
service to account holders.
● Servicing Guidelines. Compliance will review all of Afterpay’s servicing-related policies,
procedures, programs, and consumer communications prior to, and during their use, to
ensure they are fair, accurate, and transparent.
● Employee Compensation and Performance Evaluations. If and when Afterpay or any
third-party vendors provide call-center consumer servicing, which includes any servicing
communications delivered via text message, Afterpay will strive to ensure compensation
and performance evaluations of such Employees and vendors do not contribute to
UDAAP risk. Afterpay will also implement relevant controls, which may include quality
assurance and call monitoring.
● Consumer Complaints. Consumer complaints play a key role in detecting potential
UDAAP risk. In monitoring and analyzing consumer complaints and complaint trends, the
Cash App Head of Compliance or designee(s) will consider whether the complaints
identify potential UDAAP-related concerns or areas for enhancement.
● Compliance Testing. The Cash App Head of Compliance or designee(s) maintains a
risk-based monitoring and testing function, as determined in the CMS Policy. Afterpay will
ensure that compliance with UDAAP standards are independently monitored and tested
at least annually and that UDAAP is part of the testing scope for all other consumer
protection regulations or operational area testing. Specific testing efforts will be
performed across all functional areas to identify and help mitigate UDAAP risk. Results
from the testing will be maintained and reported to the Board.
● Monitoring Controls. The Cash App Head of Compliance or designee(s) in charge of
Afterpay’s business units are responsible for establishing internal controls to mitigate
UDAAP risks. These internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that
products and services are offered in compliance with applicable UDAAP laws and
regulations. To assess the effectiveness of internal controls and compliance with this
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Policy, the Cash App Head of Compliance or designee(s) and the business units conduct
the following activities:
○ Advertising and Disclosure Reviews. The Cash App Head of Compliance or
designee(s) will review all advertisements, promotions, related sales materials, and
any consumer communications, prior to their use in business activities to ensure
they fairly, accurately, and transparently represent the benefits, costs, and risks of
the product(s) or service(s) addressed. Additionally, the Cash App Head of
Compliance or designee(s) and Legal are required to review and approve proposed
changes to required compliance disclosures.
○ Procedure Reviews. Compliance will periodically review any business unit policies
or procedures to ensure alignment with this Policy and all governing compliance
policies.
○ Product and Services Offering Review Standards. Afterpay is committed to
ensuring that adequate UDAAP reviews are conducted as a part of product and
services risk assessments and new product development Business units and any
Employee responsible for developing new products or material changes to
existing products (including any third-party vendors engaged by such Employees)
must comply with established review processes. The review processes ensure that
the business units take appropriate steps to comply with established review
processes. The review processes ensure that the business units take appropriate
steps to comply with prohibitions against UDAAP. They also serve to ensure that
products and services do not inadvertently expose Afterpay to excessive legal,
compliance, or reputation risk.
○ Servicing and Collection Reviews. Compliance reviews Afterpay’s servicing and
collection-related policies, procedures, programs, and consumer communications,
prior to, and during their use, to ensure they are fair, accurate, and transparent.
○ Third Party Risk Management. Third-parties and merchants who perform
customer related-services on behalf of Afterpay must adhere to the guidelines and
standards outlined in this Policy. The Employee(s) responsible for managing the
relationship with a third-party must ensure Afterpay understands and adheres to
the prohibitions against UDAAP. Ongoing due diligence for significant
third-parties includes UDAAP monitoring.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Credit Practices Rule. In connection with extensions of credit to consumers,
Afterpay will not include confessions of judgment, waivers of exemption, wage
assignments, or security interests in household goods provisions in any of its
contracts. Additionally, as applicable, Afterpay will provide notice to consumers
who cosign obligations about their potential liability. Furthermore, Afterpay does
not collect on late fees on payments that would otherwise be considered a full
payment for the applicable period and is paid on its due date, or within an
applicable grace period, when the only delinquency is attributable to late fees or
delinquency charges assessed on earlier installments.
○ Preservations of Claims and Defenses. In connection with any sale or lease of
goods or services to consumers, affecting commerce (as commerce is defined
in the Federal Trade Commission Act), it is an unfair or deceptive act or practice
within the meaning of section 5 of that Act for a seller, directly or indirectly, to:
(a) Take or receive a consumer credit contract which fails to contain
the following provision in at least ten point, bold face, type:
NOTICE
ANY HOLDER OF THIS CONSUMER CREDIT CONTRACT IS SUBJECT
TO ALL CLAIMS AND DEFENSES WHICH THE DEBTOR COULD
ASSERT AGAINST THE SELLER OF GOODS OR SERVICES OBTAINED
PURSUANT HERETO OR WITH THE PROCEEDS HEREOF. RECOVERY
HEREUNDER BY THE DEBTOR SHALL NOT EXCEED AMOUNTS PAID
BY THE DEBTOR HEREUNDER.
or,
(b) Accept, as full or partial payment for such sale or lease, the
proceeds of any purchase money loan (as purchase money loan is
defined herein), unless any consumer credit contract made in
connection with such purchase money loan contains the following
provision in at least ten point, bold face, type:
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
NOTICE
ANY HOLDER OF THIS CONSUMER CREDIT CONTRACT IS SUBJECT
TO ALL CLAIMS AND DEFENSES WHICH THE DEBTOR COULD
ASSERT AGAINST THE SELLER OF GOODS OR SERVICES OBTAINED
WITH THE PROCEEDS HEREOF. RECOVERY HEREUNDER BY THE
DEBTOR SHALL NOT EXCEED AMOUNTS PAID BY THE DEBTOR
HEREUNDER.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Training
All relevant personnel will receive UDAAP training at least annually covering applicable requirements
and guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.’s document retention
guidelines.
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related References:
Regulation Name The Dodd-Frank Act
The Federal Trade Commission Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Counsel
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
14