Military Lending Act (“MLAˮ) Policy
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Oct 30, 2025
Effective Date: Oct 30, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Military Lending Act Policy (the "Policy") outlines Block's
enterprise-wide approach to compliance with the Military Lending Act ("MLA"). The purpose of this
Policy is to establish comprehensive guidelines governing Block, Inc., and its U.S. subsidiaries'
compliance with the MLA, ensuring consistent operations while maintaining brand-specific
flexibility, where applicable. Block's Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending & Credit, and/or
their designee, is responsible for the management of this Policy.
Scope: This Policy applies to all Consumer Credit products offered by Block, Inc., its subsidiaries,
and affiliates (collectively, "Block") in the United States, including, but not limited to installment
loans, buy-now, pay-later products, and other forms of consumer lending. The only exception is
Square Financial Services (“SFSˮ), Blockʼs Utah state-chartered Industrial Bank federally regulated
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which has its own Compliance Program.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Consumer Credit Credit offered or extended to a Covered Borrower primarily for personal,
family, or household purposes.
Creditor A creditor under the MLA is a person who is:
● Engaged in the business of extending consumer credit; or
● An assignee of a person engaged in the business of extending
consumer credit with respect to any consumer credit extended.
Covered A consumer who, at the time the consumer becomes obligated on a
Borrower Consumer Credit transaction or establishes an account for Consumer Credit,
is a Covered Member of the armed forces or a Dependent of a Covered
Member.

Covered Members of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, or Coast Guard
Member currently serving on active duty under a call or order that does not specify a
period of 30 days or fewer, or such a member serving on Active Guard and
Reserve duty.
Dependent With respect to a Covered Member, a Dependent means:
● The Covered Member's spouse
● Children under the age of 21
● Children under the age of 23 enrolled in an accredited institution of
higher learning who are dependent on the Covered Member for over
half of their support
● Children of any age that are incapable of self-support.
Other relationships may qualify as Dependents, and employees should
consult compliance.
Military Annual The cost of the Consumer Credit expressed as an annual rate, calculated in
Percentage Rate accordance with 32 CFR 232.4(c). The MAPR for covered transactions must
(“MAPRˮ) not exceed 36 percent.
Active Service Also known as "active duty" or "active status." A person who is on active
duty in the military full-time for a period of greater than 30 days. They work
for the military full-time, may live on a military base, and can be deployed at
any time. Such term includes full-time training duty, annual training duty, and
attendance, while in active military service, at a school designated as a
service school by law or by the Secretary of Defense.
2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1 Policy Statement
The standards set out in this Policy represent minimum requirements based on applicable legal and
regulatory guidance and apply throughout Block's lending operations. These requirements are
intended to prevent Block and its employees from violating applicable provisions of the MLA. Block
recognizes that MLA violations can present significant legal, reputational, and compliance risk.
2.2 MLA Policy Requirements
Military Annual Percentage Rate
All transactions covered by the MLA are subject to the Military Annual Percentage Rate ("MAPR").
The MAPR is analogous to the Annual Percentage Rate ("APR") as defined in other consumer
protection regulations in that both are calculated in the same manner. However, the MAPR
calculation must include certain fees and charges regardless of whether other regulations require
those fees or charges to be included in the APR calculation. Specifically, the MAPR calculation
must include credit insurance premium or fees, debt cancellation or debt suspension fees, fees for

ancillary products sold in connection with the credit transaction, finance charges, and application
fees.
In accordance with the MAPR cap provided by the MLA, Block will not impose an MAPR greater
than 36 percent on transactions with Covered Borrowers.
2.3 MLA Notice and Disclosure Requirements
Block will provide the appropriate notice and disclosures to Covered Borrowers, including the
following considerations:
● Disclosures will be made clearly and conspicuously in writing and in a form the Covered
Borrower may keep. Disclosures will contain a statement of the MAPR applicable to the
extension of Consumer Credit as well as the total dollar amount of all charges included in
the MAPR.
● If oral disclosures are given, the MAPR, the payment obligation will be provided orally
before origination. A toll-free number will be provided with or on the written disclosures
that consumers may use to obtain oral disclosure, and oral disclosures are provided when
the Covered Borrower contacts Block for that purpose.
Where applicable, during the renewal or refinancing of covered transactions, new disclosures will
be provided if the transaction is considered a new transaction that would require disclosure under
other regulations.
2.4 Prohibited Conduct
In accordance with MLA requirements, Block will not condition the extension of Consumer Credit to
a Covered Borrower by requiring the Covered Borrower to waive their right to legal recourse under
the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act or any other state or federal law. Block will not require the use
of a check or other method of access to a deposit, savings, or other financial account maintained
by the Covered Borrower, except that, in connection with a Consumer Credit transaction with an
MAPR consistent with the regulation, Block may, unless otherwise prohibited by law: require
electronic fund transfer for repayment; require a direct deposit of the Covered borrower's salary,
as a condition of eligibility; take a security interest in funds deposited after extending credit in an
account established in connection with the transaction; or require the Covered Borrower to
establish an allotment to repay the obligation.
Furthermore, Block will not prohibit the Covered borrower from prepaying Consumer Credit and
will not charge the Covered borrower a prepayment penalty fee for prepaying all or part of
Consumer Credit. Block will not renew, roll over, repay, refinance, or consolidate any transaction
with a Covered Borrower unless the transaction results in more favorable terms to the Covered
Borrower. Block will not require a Covered Borrower to submit to arbitration.
Block may be subject to certain penalties if MLA is violated; including in certain instances
rendering the credit agreement void.
2.5 Identifying Covered Borrowers

It is Block's policy to verify the Covered Borrowers' Active Service status via either the U.S.
Department of Defense's Defense Manpower Data Center or information contained in a consumer
report obtained from a nationwide consumer reporting agency. This verification must occur prior to
origination of any Consumer Credit product covered under this Policy.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Compliance Policy Committee (“CPCˮ):
○ Provides oversight and governance of applicable Compliance Policies and is
responsible for reviewing and approving this policy annually to ensure alignment
with regulatory requirements and expectations
○ Providing guidance on significant policy matters
○ Ensuring consistency across Blockʼs Compliance Policy Framework
● Block Inc, Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ)
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the organization
○ Establishes appropriate practices designed to ensure Company operations reflect
Block's commitment to compliance
○ Ensures all employees are aware of their compliance responsibilities
○ Monitors and reports on compliance with this Policy
○ May delegate responsibilities to relevant Senior Management or Compliance
employees who inform and escalate key risks and issues to the CCO
● Head of Consumer Protection
○ Serves as the primary delegate for the CCO in matters relating to this Policy
○ Oversees the development and maintenance of compliance procedures
○ Coordinates policy reviews and updates
○ Manages the policy exception process
● Legal Counsel
○ Provides approval and interpretative advice regarding the applicability and
application of policy requirements
○ Ensures legal compliance across all jurisdictions
○ Provides guidance on complex compliance matters
● Employees
○ Understand and comply with all applicable requirements of this Policy
○ Complete required compliance training in a timely manner
○ Report actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements
○ Follow proper procedures for email communications
○ Maintain awareness of updates and changes to requirements
● Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending & Credit
○ Implement policy requirements within their respective business units
○ Monitor day-to-day compliance activities

○ Manage training requirements for their business unit
○ Report issues or concerns to the CCO
○ Ensure brand-specific requirements are met while maintaining overall compliance
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy,
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive
management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
○ Policies and standards
○ Procedures
○ Audit/exam findings
○ Issues management
○ Training
○ Complaints
3.3 Training
All relevant employees will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
○ Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy, or
○ Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
4. Questions & Contact Information

● Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Document
Owner.
6. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Amanda C… Regulatory Initial Appro… Attestation to Oct 10, 2025
Counsel Document
Contents
Corey Cha… Business Product Initial Appro… Attestation to Oct 15, 2025
Compliance Lead, Document
Lending & Credit Contents
Compliance Compliance Initial Appro… Approval of Oct 30, 2025
Policy Policy Committee up-leveled Block,
Committee Inc. Document to
include coverage
for Block, Inc. and
applicable
brands.
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope US
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending &
Credit
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2