Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited
Pornography and Marketing Act Policy
Square | Square Capital, LLC | Credit Card
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and
Marketing Act ("CANSPAM") Policy ("Policy") outlines Square Capital, LLC's ("Square Capital" or
the "Company") approach to compliance with the CANSPAM (or the "Act") and upholding Square
Capital business requirements that do not run counter to the Act. This Policy was created and
adopted with the sole focus on Square Capital's commercial credit card program and the Chief
Compliance Officer oversees the development and implementation of this Policy document.
This Policy establishes the framework by which Square Capital, the Initiator of email advertising
communications, ensures that email advertising ("Commercial Email") complies with the
requirements of CANSPAM. The purpose of this Policy is to ensure that Square Capital establishes
and adheres to a consistent process for crafting email content and subject lines, sending of email
advertising, and proper handling of opt-out requests.
Background
CANSPAM was enacted to prevent abuse in the use of Commercial Emails, and among other
things, requires that Commercial Emails provide consumers with a means of opting-out of future
solicitations.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or
practices in connection with the collection, use, and/or disclosure of personal information from and
about children, under the age of 13, on the Internet. COPPA provides privacy protections for
children and specifically requires operators of websites and email directed to children to provide
notice to and obtain consent from parents before collecting data from their children.

The Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"), the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces
COPPA, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect
children's privacy and safety online.
Both of these Acts are implemented by regulations issued by the FTC. While the FTC does not
regulate financial institutions, the laws give enforcement authority to banking regulatory agencies.
Scope: This Policy is established by Square Capital and is applicable to Square Capital's credit
card product. All Square Capital business units, staff, and contractors, including those from
vendors and third parties (i.e., Square Inc.), must comply with the aspects of this Policy. Square
Capital recognizes a further duty to support the compliance programs of its Bank Partner, where
applicable.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Affirmative Consent With respect to a commercial electronic mail message ("email"), it
means that:
● The recipient expressly consented to receive the message,
either in response to a clear and conspicuous request for such
consent or at the recipient's own initiative; and
● If the message is from a party other than the party to which the
recipient communicated such consent, the recipient was given
clear and conspicuous notice at the time the consent was
communicated that the recipient's electronic mail address could
be transferred to such other party for the purpose of initiating
commercial electronic mail messages.
Commercial Email Any email that has a primary purpose of commercial advertisement or
promotion of a commercial product or service.
Initiator Any person, including business entities and nonprofit associations, that
initiates commercial e-mail messages must comply with the CANSPAM
Act requirements if it either:
● Originates or transmits the e-mail; or
● Procures the transmission of the e-mail, meaning that the
business either intentionally pays or provides other
consideration to, or induces, another person to transmit the
e-mail on its behalf.
A person is not an Initiator when their role in initiating the Commercial
Email is solely involved in routine conveyance. This is when the

Terminology Definition
person's actions only relate to the transmission, routing or storage of
the message through an automatic technical process and the person is
not involved in identifying or providing the recipient's addresses for the
message.
Sender A Sender is an Initiator whose own product or service, or internet
website, is advertised or promoted in the commercial message. A
commercial e-mail can have more than one Initiator or Sender.
Staff Member(s) All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and includes
interns, temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers
and contractors.
Transactional or See the section entitled "Exclusion: Transactional or Relationship
Relationship Email Emails"
2. Policy Requirements
2.1 Email Content Qualifications
The FTC has issued qualifying measures to determine if an email meets the threshold of a
marketing communication. Square Capital is committed to upholding these requirements by
ensuring the following email types are properly handled.
Messages Containing Only Advertising Content
These messages have a commercial primary purpose.
Messages Containing Both Advertising and Transactional or Relationship Content
These messages have a commercial primary purpose if either:
● The recipient would interpret the subject line to mean that the message contains
commercial advertising; or
● A substantial part of the transactional or relationship content does not appear at the
beginning of the message.

Messages Containing Both Advertising Content and Other Non-transactional or
Non-relationship Content
These messages have a commercial primary purpose if either:
● The recipient would interpret the subject line to mean that the message contains
commercial advertising; or
● The recipient would determine from the body of the message that the message's primary
purpose is commercial advertising. In making this determination, factors for the recipient to
consider include:
○ The placement of the commercial advertising at the beginning of the message;
○ The proportion of the message dedicated to commercial advertising; and
○ How prominent the commercial advertising is (for example, highlighted through use
of graphics type size and style).
Messages Containing Only Transactional or Relationship Content
These messages do not have a commercial primary purpose.
2.2 Email Content Requirements
CANSPAM sets down seven requirements that every Commercial Email must meet. Square Capital
is committed to ensuring all marketing emails comply with these requirements. Under CANSPAM,
the Senders of Commercial Email will be deemed to be engaging in legal activity as long as:
● The header of the Commercial Email (indicating the sending source, destination and routing
information) does not contain materially false or materially misleading information;
● The subject line doesn't contain deceptive information;
● The email provides "clear and conspicuous" identification that it is an advertisement or
solicitation;
● The email includes some type of return email address, which can be used to indicate that
the recipient no longer wishes to receive spam email from the Sender (i.e. to "opt-out");
● The email contains "clear and conspicuous" notice of the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving future emails from the Sender;
● The email has not been sent after the Sender received notice that the recipient no longer
wishes to receive email from the Sender (i.e., has "opted-out"); and
● The email contains a valid physical postal address for the Sender.
Opt-Out Prohibitions
There cannot be a fee, nor a requirement that the recipient provide any personally identifying
information beyond an email address, nor can there be any steps that the recipient must take other
than sending a reply email or visiting a single page on an Internet website as a condition for
honoring an opt-out request.

Once people advise that they do not want to receive more messages, affected email addresses
cannot be sold or transferred, even in the form of a mailing list. The only exception is the
addresses may be transferred to a company hired to assist with CAN‑SPAM Act compliance.
Allowable Practices
There are some practices that are permitted to support these protections:
● #3 The disclosure need not necessarily be in the email heading as long as the notice is
"clear and conspicuous" within the email itself.
● #4 This can be a current street address, a post office box registered with the U.S. Postal
Service, or a private mailbox registered with a commercial mail receiving agency
established under Postal Service regulations. However, it must be of the Sender of the
email not the Initiator.
● #5 Craft the notice in a way that's easy for an ordinary person to recognize, read, and
understand. Creative use of type size, color, and location can improve clarity. Give a return
email address or another easy Internet-based way to allow people to communicate their
choice to you. A menu of options to allow a recipient to opt-out of certain types of
messages is permitted, but it must include the option to stop all commercial messages. Any
spam filter used by Square Capital must not block these opt-out requests.
2.3 Email Delivery Requirements
Square Capital is committed to meeting the delivery and content requirements set down by
CANSPAM. Square Credit Product Marketing ("Marketing") Team is responsible for the content of
the Subject Line and for selecting the audience to whom the email is to be sent. Marketing is
charged with the responsibilities to ensure all emails contain properly displayed and functioning
unsubscribe links and that they are sent only as permitted under this Policy. To implement these
guidelines, the content, structure, and delivery of emails must comply with the following
requirements:
● Unsubscribe Compliance:
○ A visible and operable unsubscribe mechanism is present in all emails;
○ Customer opt-out requests are honored within 10 business days; and
○ Opt-out lists are only used for compliance purposes.
● Content Compliance:
○ Accurate "From" lines (including "friendly froms");
○ Relevant subject lines (relative to offer in body content and not deceptive); and
○ A legitimate physical address of the publisher and/or advertiser is present. PO Box
addresses are acceptable in compliance with 16 C.F.R.316.2(p) and if the email is
sent by a third party, the legitimate physical address of the entity, whose products
or services are promoted through the email should be visible.
● Sending Behavior Compliance
○ A message cannot be sent through an open relay;
○ A message cannot be sent without an unsubscribe option;
○ A message cannot be sent to a harvested email address;

○ A message cannot contain a false header;
○ A message should contain at least one sentence;
○ A message cannot be null; and
○ Unsubscribe option should be directly above or below the full email message.
In addition, the subject lines and contents of all Commercial Emails are not to treat customers
unfairly nor can they be deceptive or abusive, as required by the Equal Credit Opportunity Act
("ECOA") Policy.
Adult Content
Square Capital prohibits the sending of Commercial Emails regarding adult content or
sexually-oriented material by any employee or contracted third-party.
2.4 Email Sent to a Wireless Device
In contrast to the general opt-out requirements set out in the CANSPAM Act and FTC rules, the
Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") prohibits the sending of commercial messages to
certain email addresses provided by wireless carriers specifically for mobile messaging services,
referred to as mobile service commercial messages (e.g.,"customer@wirelesscompany.com"),
unless the subscriber gives express prior written or oral authorization (opts in).
Opt-Out Provisions
Marketing emails must clearly explain how the recipient can opt-out of receiving future commercial
messages from the Sender via one of the following opt-out mechanisms:
● A functional return email address; and
● An Internet-based mechanism (such as an opt-out link).
If there is an opt-out menu offered, one menu option must allow a complete opt-out of all
commercial messages from the Sender. The opt-out mechanism must be functional for at least 30
days after the email is sent.
To comply with this aspect of CANSPAM, opt-out notices must be clear and conspicuous, and all
opt-out mechanisms must be functional. Businesses should therefore consider ways to make the
opt-out notice stand out from other parts of the message, such as through font size, color use, or
other formatting approaches. They should also test their opt-out mechanisms on a regular basis
and promptly correct any issues.
Once a recipient submits an opt-out request, the following applies:
● The Sender must process the opt-out request within 10 business days from the date the
recipient sent the opt-out request. The request does not expire unless the recipient later
expressly consents to receive commercial e-mails from the Sender;
● After this time, the Sender (or any person acting on its behalf) may not transmit further
commercial e-mails falling within the scope of the request to the recipient without the
recipient's Affirmative Consent; and

● The Sender (or any person who knows of the opt-out request) may not sell, exchange, or
otherwise transfer the recipient's email address without the recipient's Affirmative
Consent, except as required by law.
Opt-Out Outage
An unexpected or temporary inability to receive messages or process to opt-out requests due to a
technical problem beyond the Sender's control does not violate CANSPAM if the problem is
corrected within a reasonable time period.
2.5 Third-Party Initiators and Senders
Square Capital may use third-parties to do any of the following types of Marketing emails:
● Solely about Square Capital products or services;
● Composites of Square Capital products or services and the third party's products or
services;
● Composites of Square Capital products or services and the third party's products or
services plus another company's products or services; and
● Composites of Square Capital products or services and another company's products or
services.
In all instances, Square Capital must ensure that each email campaign complies with CANSPAM
by reviewing and approving all content, recipient lists, and email configurations prior to the email.
The Bank Partner reserves the right of approval for any of these elements as well.
When using a third party to facilitate Square Capital Marketing emails, Square Capital will ensure
the following:
● Any applicable agreement contains provisions requiring the third party to comply with
CANSPAM; and
● That the third party receives all required content in a manner that permits compliance with
CANSPAM, including information on Square Capital's postal address.
Alternate Email Information
If marketing emails are to contain any contact information not owned or overseen by Square
Capital, including email addresses and physical addresses, any applicable agreement must require
that the third-party implement an opt-out process that permits Square Capital to comply with the
10 business-day requirement for opt-out requests.
2.6 Messaging
Square Capital only sends marketing emails to existing Square Capital customers, customers
properly referred to us by marketing or co-branded partners, potential customers that have elected
to receive Square Capital marketing messages, or potential customers that Square Capital has

evaluated who may qualify for the product or service for which the marketing email is crafted and
sent.
2.6.1 Marketing Practices and Guidelines
Forward-To-A Friend Emails
Square Capital does not currently engage in Commercial Emails that qualify as referral or
forward-to-a-friend communications. At such a time as this marketing tool is employed, guidelines
and procedures will be established in compliance with the CANSPAM Act.
Multiple Senders
When multiple businesses' products or services, or internet websites are advertised or promoted
in a single message, each business is a Sender for purposes of CANSPAM Act compliance, unless
the businesses have designated a single Sender of the commercial message by complying with all
of the following requirements:
● The single business meets the CANSPAM Act's definition of "Sender." This is the person
that both initiates the message and whose products or services, or internet websites are
advertised or promoted in the message;
● The single business is identified in the "From" line as the sole Sender of the message;
● The single business is in compliance with the:
○ Prohibition on false or misleading transmission information;
○ Prohibition on deceptive subject headings;
○ Requirement to include a functioning opt-out;
○ Requirement to include clear and conspicuous identification that the message is an
advertisement or solicitation, a clear and conspicuous notice of the opportunity to
opt-out, and a valid physical postal address of the Sender; and
○ Requirement to include warning labels on commercial e-mail that contains sexually
oriented material.
● Affiliate Marketing: If Square Capital employs an affiliate to promote Square Capital then the
company is deemed the Sender of the commercial e-mail. The affiliate, who typically
originates or transmits the e-mail message, is an Initiator. If the affiliate also advertises its
own services or products, it is also a Sender under the CANSPAM Act and the rules
concerning multiple Senders apply. Square Capital is held liable for all actions of an affiliate
when they are acting our behalf;
● Email Sent To A Wireless Device: When requesting express prior authorization for sending
email messages to a mobile messaging service, Square Capital must, among other things:
○ Clearly state the identity of the Square Capital entity that will be sending the
messages;
○ Notify the subscriber that he/she may be charged by the wireless carrier for receipt
of these messages;
○ Disclose that the subscriber can revoke his authorization at any time; and
○ Provide opt-out measures in the same electronic method as that used to opt in.
● "From" and "Reply-To" Email addresses:

○ The "From" email address contained in all marketing materials is set as
"no-reply@squareup.com"; and
○ Emails for advertising are not to utilize a "Reply-To" feature.
Disclosing Addresses
Only the designated Sender's valid physical postal address must appear in the message. If the
above requirements are not complied with, each business must comply with the CANSPAM Act's
requirements for Senders, including the obligation to scrub against all the Sender's opt-out lists.
2.6.2 Email Addresses and Subject Line
Marketing ensures that all marketing emails contain:
● "From" and "To" email address accurately identify Square or the Square Capital program;
● A subject line that accurately reflects the content of the message; and
● Messaging that clearly and conspicuously identifies that the email is an advertisement.
2.6.3 Physical Address and Opt-Out
Marketing ensures that each marketing email contains the name and physical address of Square
Capital and that the unsubscribe (opt-out) option must:
● Appear as a conspicuous hyperlink at the bottom or in the footer of all qualifying email
messages;
● Must permit the recipient of the email to unsubscribe from Capital marketing emails;
● Appear in the same area near the name and address of Square Capital; and
● Be font size no smaller than other accompanying disclosures.
Marketing is charged with ensuring that all qualifying email messages contain the proper
unsubscribe option and that unsubscribe notifications are properly processed. These notifications
are to be automatically processed no later than the next business day, but in no event later than 10
days after the receipt of the unsubscribe notification. Once processed, Square Capital maintains an
internal Do Not Contact list of email addresses that customers have opted out of email contact. All
lists of email addresses created as a result of accepting unsubscribe notifications are only to be
used for compliance purposes.
2.6.4 Social Media
Square Capital only engages in the following written communication mediums with customers:
● Originating posts in a social media platform on pages owned or directly managed by
Square Capital;
● Responding to a customer's social media message either due to a customer request or due
to the nature of the customer's message;
● Originating of direct social media marketing messages (e.g., Google Ads, Facebook Ads,
etc.);

● Originating email messages; and
● Responding to a customer's email either due to a customer request or due to the nature of
the customer's email message.
2.6.5 Live Chat
When Square Capital uses a live chat function, discussions of Square Capital are restricted to
Square Capital-approved macros and scripts. No other content or communication is permitted via
live chat. All other customer inquiries or comments should be referred to the appropriate customer
support email or phone contact information.
Social Media Posts
Marketing messages that occur outside of social media pages that are owned or managed by
Square Capital must meet the marketing requirements of the social media platform where the
message will be conducted in addition to all requirements of this Policy. Square Capital is
responsible for ensuring that these additional requirements are implemented fully prior to any
message reaching the customer or the public.
Email Communications
Email is not considered a social media communication but it is a form of written customer
communication.
2.7 Exclusion: Transactional or Relationship Emails
Email communications that are primarily of a transactional or relationship nature are excluded from
the requirements of CANSPAM. To qualify as a transactional or relationship message, the email's
primary purpose must do one or more of the following:
● Facilitate, complete or confirm a commercial transaction previously agreed to by the email
recipient;
● Provide warranty, product recall, safety or security information for a product purchased by
the email recipient;
● Provide certain information permitted under the CANSPAM Act regarding a subscription,
membership, credit account, loan or similar ongoing relationship concerning the email
recipient's ongoing purchase or use of the Sender's products or services (for example,
notification of a change in terms or features of a membership or subscription or periodic
account information);
● Provide information regarding an employment relationship or related benefit plan in which
the email recipient is currently involved, participating or enrolled; and
● Deliver goods or services (for example, updates or upgrades) that the email recipient is
entitled to receive as a result of a previously agreed upon transaction.

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"):
○ The CCO will provide assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the
organization and shall be responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to
ensure that Company operations reflect the Company's commitment to compliance and
that all employees are aware of that commitment and their individual responsibility.
The CCO is responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy.
The CCO delegates the responsibilities in this section to the Square Head of
Compliance along with the authority to adopt, develop and implement procedures and
reporting that support this Policy.
● Counsel:
○ The Company's legal counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding the
applicability and application of the requirements of this Policy to the Company's
business and operational activities.
● Compliance Policy Committee:
○ Reviews and adopts this Policy on an annual basis.
● Square Credit Product Marketing ("Marketing"):
○ Marketing is responsible for the content of marketing email subject lines and selecting
the audience to whom marketing emails are sent. Marketing ensures marketing emails
contain accurate 'from', 'to' and subject lines; properly displayed and functioning
unsubscribe links; and are sent only as permitted under the Policy.
● Head of Business Product Compliance and Partnerships or Lending Compliance Lead as
designee:
○ Owns this Policy document, reviews and approves requested exceptions.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
3.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4 Record Retention
Square will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Square's document retention
guidelines.

3.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request,
and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Policy Owner and/or designee will
inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Square
Capital, LLC and on a need-to-know basis.
4. Questions & Contact Information
For questions regarding this policy, please contact the Policy Owner or designated compliance
team.
Review related documents:
● Square Capital Board of Managers' Charter
● Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act CANSPAM
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually by the
Compliance Policy Committee and on an ad hoc basis as required. The review includes
consideration of feedback on the effectiveness of the Policy, and any Bank Partner or audit input.
Specific to the Compliance Policy Committeeʼs review and approval, the Banking Lending
Operations Program manager or their designee is responsible for facilitating such communication.
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
N/A Credit Card ✓ New policy March 3, 2022
Compliance created from
Committee former Square
Capital Policy for

Approver Title Type Description Date
credit card
products.
Square Capital Square Capital ✓ Annual Review November 30,
Board of Board of 2023
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital ✓ Annual Review July 2, 2024
Board of Board of
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital ✓ Scheduled January 24,
Board of Board of Review; 2025
Managers Managers immaterial
changes
Compliance Compliance Scheduled … Scheduled October 3, 2025
Policy Committee Policy Committee review; no
material
changes.
Updates to
template and
minor updates
for clarity
Document Details
Business Square Capital, LLC
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Lending Product Compliance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2