Denylist Appeals Policy
Cash App | U.S.
August 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
2

Confidential
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 7
4. Policy Requirements 7
4.1 Denylisting Appeals 7
4.2 Eligible Denylist Appeals 8
4.3 Sponsored Accounts 8
4.4 Re-review of Dispute Claims Policy 8
4.5 Monitoring and Oversight 8
4.6 Internal Policies, Procedures, and Controls 9
5. Document Management 9
5.1 Document Owner 9
5.2 Review and Approval 9
6. Training 9
7. Exceptions 9
8. Record Retention 10
9. Implementation Date and Transition Period 10
10. Related Documentation or References 10
11. Revision and Approval History 10
12. Document Details 11
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
3

Confidential
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Appeal A review conducted at the request of a Customer to have a previously imposed
Adverse Action reversed or rescinded.
Adverse Action An action taken to limit a Customer’s access to, or ability to transact on, Cash
App following a determination that the Customer has engaged in Prohibited
Activity.
Business Day All days of the week except Saturdays, Sundays, and federal holidays.
Customer Refers to any individual, entity, or organization that has engaged in a
transaction, purchased goods or services, or interacted with Cash App in a
manner that establishes a direct relationship or affiliation. This also
encompasses individuals who may not have directly interacted with Cash App
products or services but inform of grievances on behalf of another with a
direct relationship.
Denylisting The process by which Cash App accounts are restricted and prevented from
continued use, with the exception of liquidating assets and withdrawing funds
after a determination or suspicion of involvement in prohibited, fraudulent or
illegal activity on Cash App.
Dispute The act of alleging an error regarding a transaction. In many scenarios, the
process for reviewing disputes is governed by regulatory requirements.
Identity Verification The process of verifying a Customer's identity, which may be triggered by a
(“IDV”) number of actions including but not limited to ordering a Cash Card, exceeding
peer-to-peer sending and receiving limits, buying bitcoin or enabling bitcoin
withdrawals and deposits, signing up for a Cash Card Investing account, and
sending from a stored balance. This occurs via our eIDV, or electronic Identity
Verification via third party vendor(s), or dIDV processes, where the customer
manually uploads images of their government issued Identification Document.
Intake of Appeal Intake of a Denylist Appeal review begins upon the Block’s recording of a
review Denylist Appeal Review being requested by the Customer.
Legitimate Customer Uses their Cash App for legitimate activity that is not a violation of the Cash
App Terms of Service or for a Prohibited Activity.
Prohibited Activity Activity conducted by a Customer that is a violation of the Cash App Terms of
Service, violation of internal policies, or that is otherwise prohibited by law
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
4

Confidential
such as: sending payments for terrorist financing, child exploitation, elder
financial exploitation, etc.
Resolution of Appeal Communication of the Appeals review outcome being sent to the Customer.
review
Service Level The maximum allotted time for intake to resolution of an Adverse Action
Agreement (“SLA”) Appeals review. SLAs are measured in business days unless otherwise
determined by a third party. Denylist Appeals reviews are conducted within a
ten (10) Business Day SLA.
Sponsor Account A parent or guardian who holds a Cash App account and provides authorization
and sponsorship of a Cash App account for an individual age 13-17 for which
they are a parent or guardian.
Sponsored Account Accounts operated by individuals between the age of 13-17 years old that
require authorization and sponsorship from their parent or guardian through a
Sponsor Account.
Unfair, Deceptive or The standard of fairness pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that protects
Abusive Acts or Customers from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices that can cause
Practices (“UDAAP”) significant financial injury to Customers, erode Customer confidence, and
undermine the financial marketplace.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Compliance Reviews the Customer's request for an Adverse Actions Appeals review
Operations Appeals relating to a compliance denylist, including the Customer's narrative as well as
Customer transactional behavior and profile to determine if a revocation of the
denylist action is warranted
Head of Consumer As the owner of this Policy, the Head of Consumer Protection or their designee
Protection is responsible for:
● Developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations,
● Ensuring regulatory requirements are included in documentation,
● Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant
stakeholders including business partners,
● Liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates,
● Conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
5

Confidential
● Delegating and overseeing documentation requirements, as needed.
Legal Counsel Provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding the applicability and
application of the requirements of this Policy to Cash App’s business and
operational activities.
Risk Machine Maintains and supports models that apply Adverse Actions based on
Learning Customer transactional behavior and high risk behaviors.
Risk Operations Reviews the Customer’s request for an Adverse Actions Appeals review
Appeals including the Customer’s narrative as well as Customer transactional behavior
and profile to determine if a revocation of the denylist action is warranted.
Staff Members Responsible for:
● Understanding and complying with applicable laws and regulations for
this Policy;
● Completing any required compliance training in a timely manner; and
● Promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of this Policy.
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
6

Confidential
1. Introduction
This Policy explains how Cash App supports Customer appeals when their accounts are denylisted
(blocked), except where prohibited by law. The process ensures compliance with consumer protection laws
(UDAAP) under the Dodd-Frank Act while maintaining Cash App's commitment to trust. The Head of
Consumer Protection owns this Policy.
2. Purpose
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Its commitment to the
prevention of UDAAP-related violations requires transparency, truthfulness, suitability, and fairness in
dealings with all Customers. Cash App executes on this commitment to maintain a safe and trusted platform
which results in Cash App taking Adverse Action, including Denylisting or applying certain limits on a
Customer and their Cash App account(s) when there is a suspected or confirmed violation of Cash App’s
Terms of Service, internal policies, or the Customer is engaging Prohibited Activities. The purpose of this
Policy is to provide the principles and framework that governs how Cash App operates as it pertains to
Customer Appeals related to Denylisting. Compliance with this Policy and the associated laws and
regulations is to be achieved through the implementation of risk-based compliance and risk procedures. This
Policy is intended to be supplemented by additional documentation, as necessary.
3. Scope
This Policy is established by Cash App, U.S., a Line of Business under Block, Inc. and is applicable to
Denylisting, a specific type of Adverse Action except where prohibited by law, taken on a Cash App Customer
and their account(s).
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Denylisting Appeals
Cash App aims to execute Denylisting, a specific type of Adverse Action, except where prohibited by law, on
a Customer and their Cash App account(s) in a targeted and accurate manner to protect Customers and Cash
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
7

Confidential
App from Prohibited Activity . Cash App maintains an Appeals process specifically for Denylisting actions to
ensure Legitimate Customers have an avenue to request review. Cash App adheres to a ten (10) Business
Day SLA for Appeals reviews, with intake beginning upon Block's recording of an Appeal Review being
requested by the customer and ending with the communication of the Appeals review outcome being sent to
the Customer.
4.2 Eligible Denylist Appeals
The Cash App Denylist Appeals program is designed to establish a consistent, fair and transparent process
for handling a Denylist Appeals review resulting from a Denylisting, a specific type of Adverse Action taken
on a Customer and their account(s). There may be circumstances where both Risk and Compliance have
denylisted a Customer and their account(s); in these instances, Risk or Compliance Appeals operations
teams will review the Customer’s account, including connected user accounts and related denylist reasons,
when making a decision to overturn or uphold the denylist.Where Cash App determines the Customer’s
activity to be legitimate through the review, Cash App will reinstate any eligible account or assets that had
been previously denylisted.
4.3 Sponsored Accounts
In order to prevent any potential UDAAP violations, Customers with Sponsored Accounts that are requesting
a Denylist Appeals review will be eligible to request such a review and this review from intake to resolution
will occur within the ten (10) Business Day SLA.
4.4 Re-review of Dispute Claims Policy
Cash App customers who have a successful Denylist Appeal which results in their Cash App account being
reinstated but had a Dispute denied while the account was denylisted are eligible for a re-review of their
Dispute(s) made during the time period the account was denylisted. The Dispute re-review will occur within
45 calendar days of the account reinstatement date and is conducted by the Dispute Operations team.
4.5 Monitoring and Oversight
This Policy requires the use of a Quality Control (“QC”) program to ensure adherence to this Denylist Appeals
Policy and associated procedures. Essential functions of QC include creating a feedback loop for the
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
8

Confidential
Appeals team to continuously identify opportunities for improvement, evaluate for adherence to SLAs, and
assess potential operational gaps to remediate deficiencies.
The Policy also requires the establishment of reporting to enable management to effectively identify,
monitor, and appropriately manage risk associated with Denylist Appeals in a timely manner.
Additionally, reporting on Denylist Appeals reviews should include visibility into programmatic and individual
specialists’ performance, as well as status of the key performance indicators (“KPIs”).
4.6 Internal Policies, Procedures, and Controls
The Policy requires the creation and ongoing maintenance of associated procedures, controls, reporting, and
systems reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the Policy by conducting appropriate, consistent
and timely reviews of Denylist Appeals requests made by Customers.
5. Document Managemen t
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Head of Consumer Protection or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix .
6. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Policy effectively.
7. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy,
provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws, regulations or other
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
9

Confidential
requirements. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the
exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team
at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
8. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
9. Implementation Date and Transition Period
Cash App and all applicable subsidiaries are expected to be in full compliance with requirements of this
document no later than six (6) months after the approval date of this document.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Risk and Compliance Adverse Actions Policy
Related Procedure Compliance Denylist Appeals Procedure
Related Procedure Risk Denylist Appeals Procedure
Related References:
Regulation Name The Dodd-Frank Act
Regulation Name The Federal Trade Commission Act
11. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
10

Confidential
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Michael Carrah Counsel Reviewed/Approv… 5/21/25
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Lee Buchmann Consumer Creation Apr 14, 2025
Protection
Compliance
Program Lead
Brian Kollmeyer Head of Initial Appro… Initial Approval May 6, 2025
Consumer
Protection
Adrian Gardner Customer Reviewed/A… Initial Approval Apr 24, 2025
Onboarding and
Appeals Lead
Anisha Sakariy… Risk Operations Reviewed/A… Initial Approval Apr 22, 2025
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Initial Appro… Approval Jun 6, 2025
Committee Committee
Brian Kollmeyer Consumer Immaterial C… Non-material Aug 14, 2025
Protection changes made to
Compliance document the ten
Program Lead (10) business day
SLA and to
document the
intake and
resolution for the
appeals review.
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [US]
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
11

Confidential
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Head of Consumer Protection
Last Approval Date August 14, 2025
Effective Date August 14, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually
Denylist Appeals Policy | Cash App
12