Equal Credit Opportunity Act (“ECOAˮ) Policy
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Oct 30, 2025
Effective Date: Oct 30, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy ("Policy") outlines Block's
enterprise-wide approach to ensuring fair and equitable lending practices across its credit
products. The purpose of this Policy is to establish comprehensive guidelines governing Block,
Inc., and its U.S. subsidiaries' compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ("ECOA"), its
implementing Regulation B, and related state laws, while ensuring consistent operations and
maintaining brand-specific flexibility, where applicable. Block's Business Product Compliance
Lead, Lending & Credit, and/or their designee, is responsible for the management of this Policy.
Scope: This Policy applies to all Credit Products offered by Block, Inc., its subsidiaries and
affiliates (collectively, "Block") in the United States whether consumer or commercial purpose, as
ECOA protects both individual and business credit applicants. The only exception is Square
Financial Services (“SFSˮ), Blockʼs Utah state-chartered Industrial Bank federally regulated by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which has its own Compliance Program.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Adverse Action A refusal to grant credit in substantially the amount or on substantially the
terms requested in an Application unless (a) Block makes a counteroffer (to
grant credit in a different amount or on other terms) and the Applicant uses
or expressly accepts the credit offered; (b) A termination of an account or an
unfavorable change in the terms of an account that does not affect all or
substantially all of a class of the creditor's accounts; or (c) A refusal to
increase the amount of credit available to an applicant who has made an
application for an increase. Adverse Action does not include a change in the
terms of an account expressly agreed to by an Applicant, or any action or
forbearance relating to an account taken in connection with inactivity,
default, or delinquency as to that account.
1

Applicant A person (individual or entity) that requests credit or who has received credit
from Block, including any person that may become contractually liable for
credit provided by Block.
Application An oral or written request for an extension of credit made in accordance with
procedures used by Block for the type of credit requested.
Completed An application that Block has received which contains all the information that
Application Block regularly obtains and considers in evaluating applications for the
amount and type of credit requested (including, but not limited to, credit
reports, any additional information requested from the applicant, and any
approvals or reports by governmental agencies or other persons that are
necessary to guarantee, insure, or provide security for the credit or
collateral).
Credit Products Cash App and Afterpay branded consumer loan products for personal,
family, or household purposes (including, but not limited to, Cash App
Borrow, Cash App Afterpay Pay Over Time, Afterpay on Cash App Card,
Cash App Afterpay Online Checkout, Afterpay Pay-in-4, and Afterpay Pay
Monthly) and Squareʼs business-purpose credit products.
Prohibited Basis ● Race or color
● Religion
● National origin
● Sex
● Marital status
● Age, as long as the applicant is able to contract
● Receipt of income from a public assistance program
● Exercising rights under the Consumer Credit Protection Act in good
faith
● Gender/gender identity/gender expression
● Sexual Orientation
● Veteran/servicemember status
● Disability
● Pregnancy
● HIV Status
● Ancestry
2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1 Policy Statement
Block is committed to ensuring its business activities result in fair, consistent, and responsible
treatment of all consumers, and comply with all applicable state and federal laws governing
non-discriminatory lending practices.
2

The standards set out in this Policy represent minimum requirements based on applicable legal and
regulatory guidance and apply throughout Block's lending operations. These requirements are
intended to prevent Block's Employees from violating federal and state regulations related to
consumer compliance with respect to fair lending laws, regulations, and practices.
2.2 Fair Lending Requirements
Prohibition on Discrimination
Block will not discriminate against an Applicant regarding any aspect of a credit transaction on a
Prohibited Basis. This prohibition applies to all dealings between the Applicant and Block regarding
an Application for credit or for an existing extension for credit throughout the credit lifecycle,
including but not limited to:
● The marketing or solicitation of products offered by Block;
● Requests for product information;
● The Application and origination process;
● The standards for evaluating creditworthiness and the terms of credit offered by Block;
● The servicing and collection of existing extensions of credit;
● The furnishing of credit information to consumer reporting agencies.
Block requires that policies, procedures, disclosures, customer agreements, communications,
marketing strategies, and solicitations be carefully crafted and reviewed to ensure Block adheres
to the non-discriminatory and principled standards under ECOA and Regulation B. Each employee
must be mindful of providing consistent treatment to all Applicants regardless of any Prohibited
Basis. Employees are responsible for interacting with all Applicants and consumers in an ethical,
fair, and professional manner in accordance with this Policy.
Prohibition on Discriminatory Discouragement
Block's prohibition on discrimination extends to all aspects of a credit transaction, which includes
the initial offering or marketing of Block's Credit Products and services. Block and its merchants
will not discourage any Applicant or prospective Applicant from inquiring about, applying for, or
otherwise pursuing a Block Credit Product or service on a Prohibited Basis. Among other things,
this means that Block and its employees will not, on a Prohibited Basis:
● Make statements suggesting that a prospective Applicant not apply for Credit Products or
services;
● Use words, symbols, or models that suggest a discriminatory preference or policy of
exclusion; or
● Withhold assistance or information from prospective Applicants that would ordinarily be
extended to other prospective Applicants.
Types of Discrimination Under ECOA
This Policy extends to the forms of discrimination under ECOA that have been recognized by
courts and other federal regulators. These forms of discrimination include:
3

● Overt Discrimination: Overt discrimination is present where a creditor openly discriminates
against an Applicant on a Prohibited Basis or engages in blatant actions or policies based
on the prejudice of a Prohibited Basis.
● Disparate Treatment: Disparate treatment is present where differences in treatment are not
fully explained by legitimate non-discriminatory factors. It does not require any showing
that the treatment was motivated by prejudice or a conscious intention to discriminate
against a person beyond the difference in the treatment itself.
● Disparate Impact: Disparate impact is present when a creditor applies a facially neutral
policy or practice to all Applicants, but the policy or practice disproportionately excludes or
burdens certain Applicants on a Prohibited Basis. Evidence of discriminatory intent is not
necessary to establish that disparate impact has occurred.
2.3 General ECOA Requirements
Limitations on Information Requests
Block will not collect the following information in connection with a credit transaction:
● Information regarding race, color, religion, national origin, or sex of the Applicant or any
other person connected with the prospective credit transaction. The Applicant, however,
can be asked to designate a title such as Ms., Miss, Mr., or Mrs. although Block must inform
the Applicant that providing such designation is optional.
● Information concerning the spouse of an Applicant, unless:
○ The spouse will be permitted to use the account;
○ The spouse will be contractually liable on the account;
○ The Applicant is relying on the spouse's income as a basis for repayment of the
credit requested;
○ The Applicant resides in a community property state or is relying on property
located in such a state as a basis for repayment of the credit requested; or
○ The Applicant is relying on alimony, child support, or separate maintenance
payments from a spouse or former spouse as a basis for repayment of the credit
requested.
● Information concerning childbearing or child rearing, including birth control practices,
intentions concerning the bearing or rearing of children, or capability to bear children.
Block may inquire about the number and ages of an Applicant's dependents or about
dependent-related financial obligations or expenditures, provided such information is requested
without regard to sex, marital status, or any other Prohibited Basis.
Income from Alimony, Child Support, or Separate Maintenance Payments
Block may inquire about an Applicant's obligation to pay alimony, child support, or separate
maintenance income or whether any part of an Applicant's stated income derives from those
sources. However, Applicants are not required to disclose this information and may disclose this
income information only if Applicants wish to rely on that particular source of income in the
determination of creditworthiness. Block will notify Applicants that they are not required to disclose
this information whenever source of income information is requested.
4

Rules for Evaluating Applications
In general, Block may consider any information obtained, so long as the information is not used to
discriminate against an Applicant on a Prohibited Basis. Block shall not take a Prohibited Basis into
account when evaluating the creditworthiness of Applicants except as specifically permitted by
law.
Block will not:
● Make assumptions or use aggregated statistics relating to the likelihood that any category
of persons will bear or rear children or will receive diminished or interrupted income in the
future;
● Discount or exclude from consideration the income of an Applicant or the spouse of an
Applicant because of a Prohibited Basis;
● Consider whether there is a telephone listing in Applicant's name (though may consider
whether there is a telephone in the Applicant's home);
● Refuse to extend credit because credit-related insurance is unavailable due to the
Applicant's age.
Notifications
Block will notify Applicants of action taken on their request for an extension of credit, regardless of
whether such action is favorable or adverse. These notices will be delivered to the Applicant
through appropriate channels after obtaining proper consent. All disclosures required to be given
under ECOA will be made in a clear and conspicuous manner.
Block will notify an Applicant of action taken within:
● 30 days after receiving a Completed Application concerning Blockʼs approval of,
counteroffer to, or Adverse Action on the Application;
● 30 days after taking Adverse Action on an incomplete Application, unless a notice of
incomplete Application is provided;
● 30 days after taking Adverse Action on an existing account.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Compliance Policy Committee (“CPCˮ):
○ Provides oversight and governance of applicable Compliance Policies and is
responsible for reviewing and approving this Policy annually to ensure alignment
with regulatory requirements and expectations
○ Providing guidance on significant policy matters
○ Ensuring consistency across Blockʼs Compliance Policy Framework
5

● Block Inc, Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ)
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the organization
○ Establishes appropriate practices designed to ensure Company operations reflect
Block's commitment to compliance
○ Ensures all Employees are aware of their compliance responsibilities
○ Monitors and reports on compliance with this Policy
○ May delegate responsibilities to relevant Senior Management or Compliance
Employees who inform and escalate key risks and issues to the CCO
● Head of Consumer Protection
○ Serves as the primary delegate for the CCO in matters relating to this Policy
○ Oversees the development and maintenance of compliance procedures
○ Coordinates policy reviews and updates
○ Manages the policy exception process
● Legal Counsel
○ Provides approval and interpretative advice regarding the applicability and
application of policy requirements
○ Ensures legal compliance across all jurisdictions
○ Provides guidance on complex compliance matters
● Employees
○ Understand and comply with all applicable requirements of this Policy
○ Complete required compliance training in a timely manner
○ Report actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements
○ Follow proper procedures for email communications
○ Maintain awareness of updates and changes to requirements
● Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending & Credit
○ Implement policy requirements within their respective business units
○ Monitor day-to-day compliance activities
○ Manage training requirements for their business unit
○ Report issues or concerns to the CCO
○ Ensure brand-specific requirements are met while maintaining overall compliance
4.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
○ Policies and standards
○ Procedures
○ Audit/exam findings
○ Issues management
○ Training
○ Complaints
4.3 Training
6

All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
4.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
○ Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy, or
○ Applicable regulatory requirements
4.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
5. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy Owner.
6. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Amanda C… Regulatory Initial Appro… Attestation to Oct 10, 2025
Counsel Document
Contents
Corey Cha… Business Product Initial Appro… Attestation to Oct 15, 2025
Compliance Lead, Document
Lending & Credit Contents
7

Compliance Compliance Initial Appro… Approval of Oct 30, 2025
Policy Policy Committee up-leveled Block,
Committee Inc. Document to
include coverage
for Block, Inc. and
applicable
brands.
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope US
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending &
Credit
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
8