Consumer Protection Policy
Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
July 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Squareup Europe Ltd and
on a need-to-know basis.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
2

Confidential
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 6
1. Introduction 8
2. Purpose 8
3. Scope 8
4. Policy Requirements 8
4.1 Regulatory Framework 8
4.1.1 Consumer Duty 10
5. General Principles 12
5.1 Principle of Culture and Values 12
5.2 Principle of Setting the Right Tone with SEL Employees 13
5.3 Principle of Fair Outcome 14
5.4 Principle of Governance and Control 14
6. Key Consumer Protection Measures 15
6.1 Vulnerable Customers 15
6.2 Product Development 19
6.3 Marketing 20
6.4 Sales Process 21
6.5 Customer Support 22
6.6 Customer Communication 23
6.7 Complaint Handling 24
6.8 Monitoring the Outcomes 27
6.9 Conflict of Interest 28
6.10 Record Retention 29
7. Non-Compliance 30
8. Document Management 30
8.1 Document Owner 30
8.2 Review and Approval 30
9. Training 30
10. Exceptions 30
11. Related Documentation or References 31
12. Revision & Approval History 31
13. Document Details 32
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
3

Confidential
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Financial Conduct The FCA is a financial regulatory body in the United Kingdom (“UK”),
Authority (“FCA”) responsible for issuing SEL licence as an e-Money Institution (“EMI”).
Financial Ombudsman The FOS is a government body established to serve as an impartial third
Service (“FOS”) party to assess whether a financial institution, such as SEL, has treated a
customer fairly within the context of a customer’s Complaint.
Consumer Protection Risk Consumer Protection risk is the risk of unfair treatment or detriment to
customers arising from a firm’s actions, business model, or practices.
Customer For the purposes of this policy, a Customer is defined as all SEL Cash
App users and SEL Square merchants, including potential customers,
where appropriate.
Vulnerable Customer As per FG21/1 guidance published by the FCA, a vulnerable customer is
someone who, due to their personal circumstances, is especially
susceptible to harm, particularly when a firm is not acting with
appropriate levels of care.
First Line of Defence The first line of defence comprises operational management responsible
for identifying, managing, and reporting Consumer Protection risk
concerns, including functions such as Marketing, Sales, Customer
Success, and Complaints.
Second Line of Defence The second line of defence consists of activities covered by Compliance
and Enterprise Risk. This line of defence monitors and facilitates the
implementation of effective risk management practices by operational
management and assists the first line in reporting adequate risk related
information up and down SEL.
Complaint The FCA defines a complaint to be ‘any oral or written expression of
dissatisfaction, whether justified or not, from, or on behalf of, any person
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
4

Confidential
about the provision of, or failure to provide, a financial service’, which:
● alleges that the complainant has suffered (or may suffer)
financial loss, material distress or material inconvenience; and
● relates to an activity of that respondent or any other respondent
with whom a respondent has some connection in providing
financial services, which comes under the jurisdiction of the FOS.
Note: Potential Customers can make a Complaint to SEL.
Regulated Complaint Regulated complaints are issues concerning activity subject to oversight
and control by the FCA, such as payment processing and money
transfers. For Square, Regulated Complaints could involve issues related
to payments processing like deactivation of accounts, frozen funds,
fraud, or anything else to do with the processing, settlement of or access
to customer’s funds. For Cash, all Complaints would be classed as
Regulated Complaints.
Unregulated Complaint Unregulated complaints are complaints that do not concern or relate to
the provision of regulated financial services. Other services and products
provided by Square such as its SaaS services, loans and hardware do not
fall under the jurisdiction of a specific regulatory body or authority and
are therefore, not regulated Complaints.
Conflicts of Interest A Conflict of Interest is a situation where one or more persons or entities
have competing interests, and serving one interest may involve
detriment to another.
A Conflict of Interest includes both an actual Conflict of Interest (i.e. a
Conflict of Interest that has arisen) and a potential Conflict of Interest
(i.e. a Conflict of Interest that may arise given particular facts and
circumstances). It also includes a perceived Conflict of Interest (i.e. a
situation which may give rise to the perception of a Conflict of Interest),
even where a Conflict of Interest may not in fact exist.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
5

Confidential
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
The Board of Directors Responsible for promoting a culture of compliance, positive customer
(“Board”) outcomes and providing direction to SEL on the delivery of the strategy
and the management of Consumer Protection Risk.
Regulatory Governance Responsible for reviewing any Consumer Protection Risk concerns, and
Committee (“RGC”) Consumer Protection Key Risk Indicators (“KRI”) and Management
Information (“MIˮ).
First Line of Defence ● Responsible for effectively identifying Consumer Protection Risk
in their respective areas and engaging in mitigating such risks. -
● Understanding consumer protection and embedding and
maintaining business processes and controls in the daily
operations of the business.
● Informing Compliance and Enterprise Risk of any concerns
regarding Consumer Protection that are relevant to their
functions in performing their duties.
● Assisting the business with promoting and embedding a
customer centric culture.
● Tracking and understanding customer feedback relating to their
function and taking appropriate actions accordingly.
Staff Members Responsible for complying with this Consumer Protection Policy in their
relevant business activities, ensuring that customers are adequately
protected and that any concerns in relation to consumer protection are
identified, managed, and reported.
Compliance Responsible for monitoring compliance with this policy. Compliance will
challenge, support and guide the business in the identification of
Consumer Protection Risk issues.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
6

Confidential
Enterprise Risk Responsible for the assessment, monitoring and reporting on regulatory
risk, to include Consumer Protection Risk, on a quarterly basis. The
output of such a review will be the Quarterly Risk Register, which is
reported to the Board on the same cadence.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
7

Confidential
1. Introduction
The Consumer Protection Policy (“Policyˮ) is applicable to Squareup Europe Ltd (“SELˮ) and outlines the
fundamental principles to be followed that guide SEL in safeguarding its Customers.
This Policy is an integral part of SELʼs risk management framework. Its primary objective is to aid SELʼs
Board in assigning responsibilities and implementing controls aimed at mitigating Consumer Protection
Risk. This is undertaken with the overarching aim of protecting Customers' interests in accordance with
SEL's risk tolerance and regulatory guidelines.
The SEL Head of Compliance is responsible for the management of this Policy. Any conflicts between this
Policy and SEL's other legal or regulatory obligations should be referred immediately to the Head of
Compliance for further assessment.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate SEL's commitment to complying with all applicable laws and
regulations concerning consumer protection. This Policy establishes a robust framework for identifying,
managing, and mitigating Consumer Protection Risk. It ensures that SELʼs practices align with the
standards set forth by the FCA, including the Consumer Duty, as well as industry best practices, to
promote fair treatment, transparency, and positive outcomes for all Customers.
3. Scope
This Policy is established by SEL and applies to all SEL Staff Members and to outsourced service providers
listed in SELʼs Third Party Service register. It outlines the approach to Consumer Protection, ensuring that
all Staff Members understand their roles and responsibilities in fostering a culture of compliance and
Customer care.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Regulatory Framework
SEL is authorised by the FCA as an EMI pursuant to the Electronic Money Regulations 2011. SELʼs
commitment to protecting Customers aligns with the comprehensive rules set by the FCA, ensuring
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
8

Confidential
equitable treatment in all financial services. This includes a focus on fair outcomes, transparent
information, and adequate support.
Below is an overview of the key conduct and consumer protection related regulations and guidance
applicable to SEL.
● Banking Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“BCOBSˮ)
BCOBS outlines rules and guidance on how financial firms, including EMIs, should conduct
their business. It includes provisions related to treating Customers fairly, communicating
effectively, and handling Complaints.
● Principles for Businesses (“PRINˮ)
Underpinning the FCA's principles-based approach, PRIN sets out fundamental obligations for
firms under the regulatory regime. These principles emphasise integrity, professionalism,
transparency, and fair treatment of Customers.
● Dispute Resolution: Complaints (“DISPˮ)
This sourcebook provides rules and guidance on how financial institutions, including EMIs,
should handle Complaints fairly and promptly.
● Fair treatment of Vulnerable Customers
The document provides guidance on how authorised firms, including EMIs, should treat their
Vulnerable Customers and ensures that their unique needs and circumstances are central to
the firms' design of products, processes, and ongoing monitoring and evaluation.
● FCA Approach Document
The approach document sets out the regulatory requirements that firms, including EMIs, must
adhere to in order to operate in compliance with UK financial regulations. This provides
additional guidance on how the FCA supervises and regulates EMIs, outlining expectations for
governance, risk management, and customer protection.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
9

Confidential
4.1.1 Consumer Duty
Consumer Duty (“the Dutyˮ), a regulatory framework that came into effect on July 31, 2023, sets clearer
and higher standards of Consumer protection across financial services. It requires firms to put their retail
customersʼ needs first by delivering good outcomes. It comprises the following components.
Consumer Principle
A pivotal aspect of the Duty is the incorporation of a new principle, Principle 12, in PRIN, asserting that "A
firm must act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers."
The Consumer Duty applies to all products and services offered to retail customers. Retail customers
(hereafter referred to as “Customersˮ) include Consumers, micro-enterprises (businesses with fewer than
10 employees and an annual turnover or gross balance sheet of less than €2 million) and small charities
(charities with an annual income of less than £1 million).
SEL has opted to include all of its Customers using regulated services within the scope of the Duty,
encompassing both existing and prospective Customers.
Cross-Cutting Rules
The Duty includes three cross-cutting rules which sets out how firms should act to deliver good outcomes.
They require firms to:
1. Act in good faith: Firms are required to act in good faith towards customers, emphasising trust,
transparency, and fairness in all interactions. This principle underscores the importance of
ethical conduct in fostering a positive customer experience.
2. Avoid causing foreseeable harm: Firms are required to take proactive measures to avoid
causing foreseeable harm to customers. This directive underscores the preventive nature of
the Duty, placing the responsibility on firms to anticipate potential risks and safeguard
customers from harm.
3. Enable and support customers to pursue their financial objectives: Firms are obligated to
enable and support retail customers in pursuing their financial objectives. This aspect of the
duty emphasises the active role that firms play in empowering customers to make sound
financial decisions aligned with their goals.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
10

Confidential
Four Outcomes
The four outcomes are a suite of rules and guidance setting more detailed expectations for firm conduct in
areas that represent key elements of the relationship between a firm and its customers.
1. Products and Services
● Products must be designed to meet the specific needs, characteristics, and objectives of
the target market including Vulnerable Customers and avoid causing foreseeable harm.
● The distribution strategy must ensure that products reach the appropriate target market,
including those with vulnerabilities, and that distributors receive adequate and timely
information.
● Regular reviews must be conducted to assess whether the product continues to meet
customer needs and whether the distribution strategy remains appropriate.
● If a firm identifies that a product is causing harm or failing to meet customer needs, it must
take appropriate corrective action to mitigate risks.
2. Price and Value
● Products and services must deliver fair value by ensuring a reasonable relationship
between the price paid—including both financial and non-financial costs—and the overall
benefits received by customers.
● Pricing must not exploit customer vulnerabilities or result in poor Customer outcomes.
● When different prices are applied to various customer groups, each pricing model must still
demonstrate fair value for the respective group.
● Firms must conduct regular value assessments to confirm that products continue to
provide fair value over time, with review frequency aligned to the nature and duration of the
product.
3. Consumer Understanding
● Provide customers with all necessary information to make effective, timely, and
well-informed decisions.
● Information should be clear, accessible, and tailored to the characteristics of the intended
audience, including those with vulnerabilities.
● Regularly test, monitor, and adapt their communications to improve customer
understanding and support informed decision-making.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
11

Confidential
4. Consumer Support
● Support must be designed and delivered to accommodate the diverse needs of target
customers, including those with vulnerabilities.
● Products and services should function as customers reasonably expect, without imposing
unnecessary barriers or additional costs.
● Customer journeys should incorporate appropriate points of friction to mitigate risks and
ensure informed decision-making.
● The quality of support must be continuously monitored, with prompt action taken to
address any shortcomings.
It is important to note that there is a close relationship between Consumer Support and Consumer
Understanding outcome. While Consumer Understanding focuses on communicating effectively to help
customers make informed decisions, Consumer Support ensures customers can act on these decisions
without facing unnecessary obstacles.
SEL is committed to complying with all relevant regulations and continuously updating SELʼs Policy to
reflect any changes or new requirements. For additional guidance, visit go/consumerduty.
5. General Principles
SEL will adhere to the following fundamental principles in safeguarding its Customers.
5.1 Principle of Culture and Values
The fair treatment of Customers must be central to SELʼs corporate culture. To instil positive behaviours,
fortify values, and foster a strong culture, this commitment must originate from SEL's top leadership.
Therefore, it must be included in the agenda of the senior management.
SEL's operating principles, as set out below, must guide its behaviour and its engagement with the
Customers:
● Understanding someoneʼs struggle;
● Seeking divergent perspectives;
● Taking principled risks; and
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
12

Confidential
● Inventing & learning.
SEL shall consistently operate by its principles and values, promoting honesty, ethical conduct, and
treating individuals with dignity and respect. Throughout onboarding and via company-wide
communications, training sessions, and regular talent reviews, all Staff Members must regularly be
reminded of SEL's operating principles, values, and mission to establish an honest financial network
accessible to everyone.
5.2 Principle of Setting the Right Tone with SEL Employees
SEL's employee onboarding programme shall be designed to ensure that all new employees understand
SEL's operating principles, mission, purpose, values and desired Customer outcomes. Additionally,
Consumer Protection training shall be an essential control in mitigating Consumer Protection Risk. Ongoing
training shall be provided to Customer-facing employees to ensure positive Customer interactions.
Compliance shall provide consumer protection training to Staff Members annually.
SEL's promotion and performance management process shall focus on behaviours and operating
principles, expecting employees to consistently demonstrate commitment to SEL's Customer-centric
purpose and positive Customer outcomes.
SEL is committed to providing an open and safe environment where Staff Members feel comfortable
raising issues without fear of reprisal. Staff Members shall be encouraged to speak up and report any
concerns in relation to Customer matters and are reminded on an ongoing basis of the escalation channels
available to report any concerns.
Other examples of ways to enhance Customer-centric culture shall include:
● Embedding of adequate conduct into performance appraisals, Staff Members remuneration,
and promotions;
● Increasing training and awareness programmes;
● Increasing personal accountability for consumer protection risk across SEL, so that Staff
Members take ownership of and responsibility for Consumer Protection Risk management and
for delivering positive Customer outcomes; and
● Giving Consumer Protection Risk the same prominence as other risks.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
13

Confidential
5.3 Principle of Fair Outcome
SEL shall prioritise fair and positive outcomes for all Customers, aligning with the Duty's focus on fair
treatment, clear information, and Customer support.
This commitment shall be demonstrated through:
● Understanding Customer needs
● Meeting Customer expectations
● Transparent communication
● Empowered decision-making
● Effective handling of Complaints
● Continuous improvement
This principle reflects SEL's commitment to building enduring trust and positive relationships with its
Customers recognising that fair outcomes are not just regulatory requirements but ethical imperatives.
Examples of how these outcomes shall be achieved are detailed in each subsection of the Key Consumer
Protection Measures.
5.4 Principle of Governance and Control
SEL shall maintain a comprehensive risk management process for identifying and managing Consumer
Protection Risk, rooted in the culture and behaviour within SEL.
SEL shall mitigate Consumer Protection Risk by ensuring adherence to guidelines and procedures,
embedding a robust system of internal controls in operations.
An extensive range of consumer protection related KRI and MI shall be in place across the business areas.
A detailed list of these KRIs shall be maintained by Compliance and reported to and monitored by the RGC
on a regular basis. The monitoring of these KRIs shall be designed to provide early detection of poor SEL
Customer outcomes.
Compliance shall also perform other monitoring activity, such as reviewing samples of Complaints,
Customer communications, marketing material, and sales and account management calls to assess
compliance with consumer protection requirements, on a regular basis.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
14

Confidential
Enterprise Risk Management shall also monitor the risk appetite related to consumer protection on a
quarterly basis and report to the Board.
SEL shall ensure that the reporting lines, management responsibilities, and accountability for consumer
protection are clear and transparent. All employees understand their responsibility of ensuring Customers
are adequately protected and identifying/reporting any concerns related to consumer protection.
6. Key Consumer Protection Measures
6.1 Vulnerable Customers
A Vulnerable Customer is defined by the Financial Conduct Authority FCA as someone who, due to their
personal circumstances, is especially susceptible to harm, particularly when a firm is not acting with
appropriate levels of care1. Characteristics of vulnerability may result in Customers having additional or
different needs, and may limit their ability or willingness to make decisions and choices or to represent
their own interests.
Living with a disability, illness, or diagnosis does not in and of itself make someone vulnerable. It is a
person's situation and barriers to accessing services that may make them vulnerable. Equally, a person
may be vulnerable without any disability, illness or diagnosis, for example, if they are recently bereaved or
are frail. Vulnerability can take many different forms, be temporary or permanent and the characteristics
can be overlapping.
Vulnerability is seen as a spectrum on which Customers can move up and down depending on their
circumstances, and SEL is expected to be and remain flexible in its approach and care provided to
Vulnerable Customers. SEL aims to foster a Customer-centric culture that prioritises fairness,
transparency, and support for all Customers, regardless of their vulnerability status. This section outlines
SELʼs approach to identifying and assisting Vulnerable Customers while upholding high standards of
Customer service to meet their expectations.
All Customers are at risk of becoming vulnerable and this risk is increased by characteristics of
vulnerability related to four key drivers.
1 FCA FG21/1 Guidance for firms on the fair treatment of vulnerable customers (p.3).
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
15

Confidential
1. Health – physical and/or mental health conditions or illnesses that affect ability to carry out
day-to-day tasks and make decisions.
2. Life events – life events such as bereavement, unexpected financial hardship, job loss, material
losses or downturns in sales, or relationship breakdown.
3. Resilience – low ability to withstand and come back from financial or emotional shocks.
4. Capability – low knowledge of financial matters or low experience and/or confidence in
managing money (financial capability). Low capability in other relevant areas such as literacy,
or digital skills.
Some generic vulnerability characteristics that may be seen across SEL's target markets include:
● Financial Instability:
○ Individuals with irregular income or unstable employment.
○ Businesses experiencing fluctuations in revenue or cash flow.
○ Other unexpected financial hardship.
● Limited Access to Traditional Banking:
○ Unbanked or underbanked individuals lacking access to mainstream financial services
and lending products.
○ Small businesses without established banking relationships or credit history.
● Limited Financial Literacy:
○ Individuals or businesses with limited experience and/or understanding of financial
products and services.
○ Customers who may not fully grasp the terms and conditions of financial transactions.
● Susceptibility to Fraud and Scams:
○ Individuals or businesses vulnerable to fraudulent schemes or identity theft.
○ Customers lacking awareness of common financial scams and how to protect
themselves.
● Dependency on Alternative Financial Services:
○ Customers relying on alternative financial services due to limited options or
preferences.
○ Individuals seeking convenience and accessibility in financial transactions.
● Mental capacity:
○ Individuals having trouble understanding financial products or making sound financial
decisions due to cognitive limitations or emotional challenges.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
16

Confidential
● Physical Capacity:
○ Individuals with physical impairments requiring tailored support services.
Understanding these generic vulnerability characteristics help SEL develop inclusive and responsible
financial products and services, ensuring fair treatment and support for all Customers.
Identifying signs of vulnerability
SEL strives to understand the importance of identifying vulnerability early in Customer interaction to
ensure adequate support is provided to Customers irrespective of their circumstances.
The Table 1 below provides examples of the types of circumstances and characteristics under these four
drivers which can lead to Customers having additional or different needs. This is not a complete,
exhaustive or definitive list.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
17

Confidential
Source: Financial Conduct Authority, Guidance for firms on the fair treatment of vulnerable customers
FG21/1, February 2021
Outside of circumstances where a Customer directly informs SEL of a condition, diagnosis, or
circumstance that places them in a vulnerable position, there are some common Customer behaviours
which may indicate vulnerability, such as:
● Repeat requests for the same or similar information (a sign that the Customer is not retaining
information);
● failing to understand the questions or providing answers that are inconsistent with the
questions;or
● Difficulty understanding and/or engaging with information presented to them.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
18

Confidential
Supporting Vulnerable Customers
SEL must have appropriate processes and safeguards in place to support and protect Vulnerable
Customers. All Staff Members must be trained to respond to the needs of Vulnerable Customers and,
when appropriate, to signpost or guide Customers to external services or support with specialised
expertise, particularly in cases of financial difficulty and emotional distress. Staff Members shall ask
Customers if they understood the information and whether further information is required, particularly if
the information is key information or material to the Customerʼs decision-making related to the product.
SEL shall consider the needs of Vulnerable Customers throughout the entire lifecycle of a product and
ensure that it provides such reasonable arrangements and/or assistance to those who have become
known to SEL as Vulnerable Customers. Additionally, SEL products make use of iOS and Android
accessibility features to assist Vulnerable Customers.
6.2 Product Development
SEL must be committed to delivering exceptional solutions to Customers whilst upholding its existing high
standards to treat Customers fairly and achieve positive outcomes.
In the realm of product development, SEL shall adhere to the Product Governance Policy and prioritise
meeting the needs of its identified target group throughout the entire process. To ensure that the end
Customer is considered at all stages of the product and service design process:
● A thorough pre-launch Customer research will be conducted to understand the needs,
characteristics, and objectives of the target market, including Vulnerable Customers. This may
involve engaging with Customers through surveys, focus groups, and interviews to gather
insights that will shape product design.
● The development, marketing, and sale of regulated products and services will be meticulously
designed to address the specific requirements of identified target markets, including
Vulnerable Customers, and avoid foreseeable harm. Additionally, the distribution strategy will
be designed to ensure that the products reach the appropriate target market through suitable
channels. Each distributor will be provided with adequate information in a good time.
● A Fair Value Assessment will be completed for each product to ensure it provides fair value by
maintaining a reasonable relationship between the price paid (both financial and non-financial
costs) and the overall benefits Customers receive, including Vulnerable Customers. If different
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
19

Confidential
prices are charged to various Customer groups, each pricing model will provide fair value to its
respective group. Products and their features will be tested internally and in staging
environments before product rollout to the general audience to ensure the product is fit for
Customers' needs. This may include usability testing and scenario-based assessments to
identify potential barriers.
● Post-launch surveys will be conducted to gather Customer feedback on product performance.
Account management will track product requests, and all collected data will be used to assess
whether products continue to meet Customer needs and expectations, with adjustments made
to products and features where required.This collaborative approach ensures that SEL remains
responsive to Customer feedback and continues to evolve its offerings to meet the
ever-changing demands of the retail market.
SEL will review its regulated products regularly as outlined in the Product Governance Policy(e.g., in
response to events that could materially impact the target market), to evaluate whether the product
continues to meet Customer needs and whether the distribution strategy remains appropriate. Even for
closed products (those no longer marketed but still in use by Customers), SEL will maintain an ongoing
review process to assess whether they continue to comply with regulatory obligations.
If a risk or adverse impact is identified as causing harm or failing to meet Customer needs, SEL will take
appropriate corrective actions to mitigate risks and communicate any necessary changes to all relevant
stakeholders, including those within the distribution chain. This may include product modifications,
additional Customer support, or discontinuation of the product.
If SEL ever decides to withdraw or discontinue a product, an impact assessment will be conducted to
understand how it may affect the Customers. This ensures fair treatment and helps mitigate any negative
outcomes.
6.3 Marketing
SELʼs marketing strategy is a key component of its business model. In the UK, marketing material is subject
to various regulations and laws, primarily enforced by the Advertising Standards Authority ("ASA") and the
FCA (in relation to compliance with the FCA rules). A fundamental principle in these laws and regulations is
that advertisements must be responsible, clear, truthful, and cannot be deceptive, misleading, or unfair.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
20

Confidential
These legal requirements are consistent with SEL's business ethics of being transparent and truthful with
Customers in the interest of maintaining Customer trust.
Communications relating to SEL brand, products and services which are distributed via the following
mediums could be considered "advertising" and then be regulated under the UK's advertising codes:
● Newspapers, magazines, brochures, leaflets, circulars, mailings, e-mails, text transmissions
(including SMS and MMS, fax transmissions, catalogues, follow-up literature and other
electronic or printed material;
● Posters or other promotional media lawfully posted in public places;
● Cinema, or in video, DVD or Blu-ray ads;
● SEL social media accounts;
● SEL websites aimed at UK Customers;
● Paid-for online space (such as banner or pop-up ads), paid-for search listings, preferential
listings on price comparison sites and viral ads;
● Paid-for ad space in games or web widgets;
● Advertising content in otherwise editorial material;
● Broadcast media, such as television and radio; and
● Other non-paid-for space online under the control of SEL, which is directly connected with the
supply or transfer of goods, services, opportunities and gifts.
To ensure compliance with all applicable rules and internal procedures, SEL has established a Marketing
review procedure. Adherence to this procedure is mandatory before implementing any marketing strategy.
Additionally, SEL must enforce proper governance across all aspects of product development, promotion,
distribution, and post-sale services to safeguard Customers.
6.4 Sales Process
SEL must ensures that Customers are provided with clear information and are appropriately informed
before, during and after the point of sale of a regulated service.
Sales aids, training and procedural documentation should be designed to support effective sales. They
should ensure sales Staff Members (“Salesˮ) can clearly explain the key features of each product or
service offered. This, in turn, should enable Customers to make informed decisions.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
21

Confidential
Furthermore, Sales should inquire about the needs and preferences of the Customer at crucial stages of
their journey to ensure the right product and service are offered. Additionally, Sales should seek
confirmation from Customers that they understand key information about the regulated service (e.g.,
payment processing, associated fees, etc.). In the event that the Sales team identifies a vulnerability, the
process involves advising the Customer to seek advice before making any decision. There should also be
a documented process for Sales to escalate Complaints and/or Customer detriment.
6.5 Customer Support
Customer support must be easily accessible and Customers do not face unreasonable post-sale barriers
in making a Complaint or switching provider. Additionally, support must be tailored to Customerʼs diverse
needs, particularly those with characteristics of vulnerability.
SEL shall have following support measures to ensure fair and positive outcomes for Customers:
● A dedicated support function to allow Customers to discuss their needs or ask questions about
the product or service. Where possible, SEL shall offer multiple communication channels to
ensure flexibility for Vulnerable Customers.
● Customers shall be informed about available support through web help, in app articles, and
customer support, including relevant options for third party representation and specialist
support services.
● Customer facing Staff Members shall be trained to handle challenging conversations with
Customers and respond to the needs of Vulnerable Customers, providing guidance as
necessary. Staff Members shall have access to knowledge articles to find internal expertise
and support.
● Complaints Management Program shall ensure clear and accessible Complaint-handling
processes for Customers, as well as consistency and efficiency in resolving Complaints.
● The Support Centre and issquareup.com shall offer real-time guidance and updates on the
status of any incident for Customers.
● Front line advocates shall receive regular updates on product changes, severe incidents
SEVs, policy changes, etc, to ensure correct and up to date information is provided when
interacting with Customers.
● Provide clear and easy to understand communications through various channels, including
online FAQs, help manuals, and advice letters.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
22

Confidential
● Systems and processes shall be designed to support and enable Vulnerable Customers,
allowing them to disclose and retrieve information about their needs. Staff Members shall have
the ability to flag the Customer's account within the system, ensuring that future Staff
Members are aware of their vulnerability prior to engagement to exercise caution and provide
appropriate support.
● In line with best practices, SEL shall avoid using the label 'vulnerable' during Customer
interactions and adopt a supportive and compassionate approach, focusing on understanding
individual needs without stigmatising Customers based on their circumstances.
6.6 Customer Communication
SEL must ensure that Customers receive clear, fair, and not misleading information to help them make
effective, timely, and well-informed decisions. Our communications shall be designed to meet Customers'
information needs, ensuring they are easily understood and support informed decision-making.
● All product and service-related communications, including terms and conditions, marketing
materials, and pricing structures, shall be presented in a clear, concise, and accessible manner.
● Information will be designed to be easily understood by different Customer groups, including
those with characteristics of vulnerability.
● Customers will receive timely and relevant information at key decision points to help them
assess their options, understand associated risks, and make choices that align with their
needs.
● Where appropriate, SEL will use a layered approach to communication, providing key
information upfront while allowing Customers to access more detailed explanations when
needed.
● SEL will map the Customer journey to identify all pain points and instances of unreasonable
friction that may hinder Customer understanding or decision-making.
● SEL will proactively provide important information at relevant points in the Customer journey,
such as pre-sale, post-sale, and renewal stages, to ensure that Customers fully understand
their rights, obligations, and available options.
● Communication materials will be designed with accessibility in mind, ensuring that Customers
with different needs, including Vulnerable Customers, can access information through multiple
channels such as video tutorials, chat support, and alternative formats.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
23

Confidential
● Regular assessments, which might include Customer feedback, usability testing, and data
analysis, will be conducted to ensure that communications are effective and meet Customer
needs.
● Customer-facing teams will receive training to ensure consistent messaging across all
communication channels. They will be equipped to explain key product features, address
common concerns, and guide Customers toward making informed choices.
● All Customer-facing documentation (i.e. letters, emails, business materials, marketing content,
websites, etc.) include the regulatory status disclosure in a durable medium (e.g. in writing) -
Squareup Europe Ltd is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Electronic
Money Regulations 2011 (registered reference no. 900846 for the issuing of electronic money
and provision of payment services.
● SEL ensures clear distinction between regulated and unregulated products, ensuring
transparent communication to Customers regarding the regulatory status of each product. SEL
clearly informs Customers which products are regulated, and which are not, and clearly sets
out the consumer protections relating to each product.
● SEL Staff Members will inform the Customer that the call is recorded, and for what reason.
Example - Please note this call is recorded for training and quality purposes.
● SEL will continuously review and refine its communications to ensure that information remains
relevant, accurate, and aligned with regulatory expectations. Customer interactions will be
monitored to identify gaps in understanding and enhance support where needed.
6.7 Complaint Handling
SEL must ensure fair and proper treatment of all Customer Complaints including those Complaints handled
by outsource service providers. In its commitment, SEL will adhere to legal, regulatory, and contractual
requirements governing the handling of Customer Complaints related to the financial product and services
offered in the UK.
A Global Complaint Program is in place at Block to create a standardised complaint management
framework to support the Global Complaint Policy. The Program has been established to provide guiding
principles for the development and management of the First Line of Defence Complaint programs.
This section of this Policy sets out the local regulatory requirements to be adhered to with respect to
Complaints, which supplements the Global Complaints Program and the Global Complaints Policy. These
local regulatory requirements only apply to Regulated Complaints, which are issues concerning activities
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
24

Confidential
or services subject to regulatory oversight by the FCA. In the UK, the provision of financial services such
as payment processing and money transfer falls under FCA regulation. Therefore, for Square, Regulated
Complaints may encompass issues related to payment processing. Conversely, all Complaints for Cash are
classified as Regulated Complaints.
For guidance on handling all unregulated Complaints, please refer to Blockʼs Global Complaints Program
and Policy.
Square may receive Complaints through various channels, including written submissions, phone calls,
in-person interactions, postal correspondence, and email. For Cash App, Complaints can be submitted in
writing via email. SEL Staff Members shall be responsible for identifying and documenting any Customer
dissatisfaction. Subsequently, the following steps must be undertaken:
● Receiving and Logging complaints: All Staff Members are required to promptly notify the
Complaints team of any received Complaints. This involves recording comprehensive details of
the Complaint in a centralised complaint database, including a description, the date and time of
its receipt, as well as the details of the complainant and the next steps.
● Acknowledgement: All Complaints must be acknowledged in writing, either by email or a letter
within three working days following the receipt of the Complaint.
● Investigation: SEL has designated Complaint Managers who are adequately trained to handle
and address Complaints. Upon receiving a Complaint, a Complaint Manager must conduct a
thorough investigation and gather additional information as needed. This may involve reaching
out to the complainant, conducting internal investigations, or forwarding the matter to another
department for resolution.
● Summary Resolution: If a Complaint is considered to be ‘resolvedʼ within three working days
of its receipt, SEL may choose to send a written summary resolution to the complainant
advising SEL now considers the Complaint as resolved and providing the option to refer the
Complaint to the FOS if the complainant remains unsatisfied.
● Final Response: SEL must provide a timely written response to the complainant within 15
business days following the receipt of the Complaint. This response must include an
explanation of the measures taken to address the Complaint, investigation's findings and
outcome, and details on escalating the matter to the FOS if the Customer remains dissatisfied.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
25

Confidential
● Exceptional scenarios: In an event, SEL cannot provide a final response within the initial 15
business days, a written holding response must be sent within that time frame to the
complainant. The holding response should specify the reason for the delay and the expected
resolution time frame, which must be within 35 business days following the receipt of the
Complaint. While every effort must be made to adhere to this timeline, if circumstances prevent
a timely resolution, SEL is required to write to the Customer within 35 business days following
the receipt of the Complaint. This correspondence must acknowledge the failure to resolve the
Complaint within the regulatory timeframe and present the option to refer the Complaint to the
FOS.
● Complaint Record: SEL is required to maintain a record of all Regulated Complaints,
comprising:
○ Date of Complaint
○ Date of hold email
○ Date of final response
○ Resolution outcome
○ Redress paid
○ Category of the Complaint
● Root Cause Analysis (“RCAˮ): SEL will conduct a thorough RCA to ascertain whether the
identified issue results from systemic factors or is an isolated incident. This analysis aims to
gauge the severity and associated risks within SEL. The commitment to a thorough RCA aligns
with SELʼs dedication to continuous improvement and ensures a proactive approach to
preventing the recurrence of Complaints.
Figure 1 below provides an overview of regulatory requirements and SLAs for complaint handling.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
26

Confidential
Figure 1 Complaint Handling Regulatory Requirements
6.8 Monitoring the Outcomes
Monitoring is crucial to test the outcomes and for identifying potential issues, and this is done through the
three lines of defence monitoring. SEL will generate and analyse the information concerning the services
provided to the Customers. This information will be comprehensive and of high quality and reported to the
Senior management, enabling the identification of successful products/services and processes as well as
those that may be causing harm to Customers and require improvement.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
27

Confidential
On an ongoing basis, First and Second line of Defence will monitor activities related to this Policy to
assess adherence and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives. This includes
evaluating processes, procedures, and performance metrics related to consumer protection.
Typically, the monitored information may encompass:
● Complaints data, including service level success rates, trend analysis on Customer complaints
with a focus on any specific process failings, and resolution success rates;
● RCA to identify underlying issues and systemic risks;
● FOS complaints data, social media complaints, and online reviews;
● Customer satisfaction metrics, feedback surveys, and other direct Customer input to gauge
overall service effectiveness;
● Results of any testing, and monitoring the outcomes experienced by Vulnerable Customers;
● Feedback from Staff Members regarding process improvements;
● Regular reviews of processes and policies to assess their effectiveness in the fair treatment of
Customers; and
● Any other relevant data deemed necessary to determine if good outcomes are being achieved.
This structured monitoring framework ensures that SEL upholds its consumer protection obligations by
identifying risks early, addressing areas for improvement, and fostering positive Customer outcomes.
6.9 Conflict of Interest
SEL is committed to maintaining the highest standards of conduct in all aspects of its business and aims to
treat Customers fairly at all times. To support this commitment, any conflicts of interest must be identified
and managed in line with the SELʼs Conflicts of Interest policy which establishes clear standards for
identifying, documenting, escalating and managing or preventing Conflicts of Interest.
As a part of the Block Inc. Group, SEL is subject to the Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and
SEL Conflicts of Interest Policy. This Policy should be read in connection with these documents, and in
cases where there is a conflict between the global and local policy, the most restrictive requirement must
be followed.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
28

Confidential
Where Conflicts of Interest are identified, they must be managed in accordance with the Conflicts of
Interest Policy, including logging the conflict in the conflicts register to ensure proper oversight. Conflicts
of Interest can be disclosed via go/disclose for appropriate review and action.
6.10 Record Retention
SEL must ensure compliance with record retention requirements. SELʼs policy is to retain all necessary
Customer records for at least six years from the date SEL ceases to provide any product or service to that
Customer.
Types of records required to be kept include:
● Copies of all original documents submitted by the Customer in support of an application for the
provision of a service or product;
● Copy of all documents required for Customer identification;
● Details of products and services provided to the Customer;
● All correspondence with the Customer;
● All documents completed or signed by the Customer; and
● All other relevant information and documentation concerning the Customer.
6.11 Reporting
SEL should ensure that appropriate MI is provided to the management, which includes sufficient detail to
enable those bodies to challenge the oversight of consumer protection, and to enable key decision makers
to make informed decisions. Compliance shall be responsible for producing relevant MI on the nature of
and outcomes from ongoing monitoring of consumer protection, and providing this to the respective
bodies.
Compliance will provide monthly updates to the RGC and quarterly updates to the Board. Additionally,
timely updates will be provided whenever a risk is identified or as required to maintain effective
communication and proactive risk management.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
29

Confidential
7. Non-Compliance
Non-Compliance with this Policy, whether negligent or intentional, will be taken seriously. Failure to report
any knowledge or suspicion of malpractice, wrongdoing or impropriety at work may constitute
misconduct.
Any Staff Member who has concerns that the requirements under this Policy are not being met are
encouraged to ‘speak upʼ by raising an issue with their line manager or following the reporting procedures
set out in the SEL Speak Up Policy.
8. Document Management
8.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the SEL Head of Compliance or their designee.
8.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in accordance
with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
9. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are
outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
10. Exceptions
The SEL Head of Compliance or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that SEL will implement to mitigate risks associated with the
exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements.
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
30

Confidential
11. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy SEL Product Governance Policy
Related Policy SEL Conflict of Interest Policy
12. Revision & Approval History
Version Approver Title Type Description Date
1.0 James Skelton MLRO Creation Initial creation November, 2021
1.0 Regulatory Regulatory Initial Appr… November, 2021
Governance Governance
Committee Committee
1.0 SEL Board SEL Board Initial Appr… December, 2021
2.0 Victoria O'Brien Head of Schedule… Added the July, 2023
Compliance vulnerable
and MLRO customer
policy
2.0 SEL Board SEL Board Schedule… September, 2023
2.1 Victoria O'Brien Head of Material C… Enhanced the December, 2023
Compliance complaint
and MLRO policy
2.1 SEL Board SEL Board Material C… December, 2023
2.2 Victoria O'Brien Head of Material C… Incorporated March 25, 2024
Compliance regulatory
and MLRO requirements,
including
2.2 SEL Board SEL Board Material C… Consumer April 16, 2024
Duty, conflict
of interest,
and
regulatory
status
disclosure.
Fundamental
principles
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
31

Confidential
retained with
strategic
refinements
for
coherence.
3.0 Ryan Goldstone SEL Head of Schedule… Enhanced April 9, 2025
Compliance alignment
with
3.0 SEL Board SEL Board Schedule… Consumer July 2, 2025
Duty principle
13. Document Details
Business Square and Cash App
Scope Regional Europe
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner SEL Head of Compliance
Last Approval Date July 2, 2025
Effective Date July 2, 2025
Approved By SEL Board
Document Review Schedule Annually April 2026
Consumer Protection Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Ltd
32