Elder Financial
Exploitation Policy
Cash App
June 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 7
1. Introduction 9
2. Purpose 9
3. Scope 9
4. Policy Requirements 9
4.1 Elder Financial Exploitation 9
4.2 Red Flags for Elder Financial Exploitation 9
4.2.1 Behavioral Red Flags 10
4.2.2 Financial Red Flags 10
4.3 Common Scams Targeting Consumers 11
4.4 Awareness and Education 11
4.4.1 Staff Member Annual Training 12
4.4.2 Consumer Awareness, Education and Prevention 12
4.5 Scam Prevention 12
4.5.1 Consumer Scam Warnings 12
4.5.2 Real-time Transaction Blocking 13
4.6 Elder Abuse Referrals 13
4.7 Reporting Scams 13
4.8 Elder Financial Exploitation and Elder Abuse Investigations 14
4.8.1 Risk Operations Scams Division 14
4.8.2 Risk Operations Elder Abuse Investigations Team 14
4.8.3 Compliance Specialized Investigations Unit (“SIU”) 14
4.9 Investigation Resolution 15
5. Document Management 15
5.1 Document Owner 15
5.2 Review and Approval 15
6. Training 15
7. Monitoring and Reporting 15
8. Record Retention 15
9. Related Documentation or References 16
10. Revision and Approval History 16
11. Document Details 16
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Account Take Over (“ATO”) When a third party maliciously gains access to a Consumer’s account
with the intention of using it for fraudulent purposes.
Brand / Business The Consumer receives an unprovoked external incoming message
Impersonation Scam (email, text message, phone call, etc). The message indicates that there is
an issue with one of the Consumer’s accounts (e.g. Apple, Amazon, or
their local utility) and the Scammer needs the Consumer to pay to resolve
the situation (suspicious purchase, past due bill, etc) using their Cash
App account. This could also be messaging purporting to be from Cash
App.
Celebrity Impersonation The fraudster creates a fake online presence impersonating a specific
celebrity and makes social media posts offering fans personal
connections, VIP access, investment opportunities and the chance to
support the celebrity’s favorite charities, but they must pay to participate.
Ultimately, the Consumer sends funds via Cash App to the fraudster and
receives nothing in return.
Charity/Charitable Giving The fraudster creates a fake online presence impersonating a specific
Impersonation charity and posts pleas on social media that pull at the Consumer’s
heartstrings. The Consumer ultimately sends funds to a Cash App
account that they believe is operated by or will benefit the actual charity.
Consumer An individual who is a natural person who obtains or has obtained a
financial product or service that is to be used primarily for personal,
family or household purposes. An Elder is also a Consumer.
Elder A Consumer aged sixty (60) years or older.
Elder Abuse Any knowing, intentional, or negligent act by a family member, caregiver,
advisor, investment entity, or any other person or entity that causes harm
or a serious risk of harm to an Elder.
An elder may become a victim of Elder Abuse with or without his or her
consent or knowledge through trickery, intimidation, forced consent, or
his or her inability to give consent due to lack of competency.
Elder Abuse includes Elder Financial Exploitation.
Elder Financial Exploitation The illegal or improper use of an Elder’s assets, funds, or property. The
most common types of Elder Abuse include theft and scams. Elder
Financial Exploitation also includes stolen or misappropriated PII, which
carries no dollar value threshold to report. Perpetrators can be family,
friends, or strangers, and the financial impact can be significant.
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Friend/Family The fraudster creates a fake Cash App account using specific
Impersonation characteristics of another real Consumer's personal information. The
fraudster obtains all the information they need to make the fake profile
by either taking over someone’s social media account or by scraping
social media accounts that are not private. The fraudster then sends
multiple requests to the impersonated person’s contacts, either by
knowing $cashtags, phone numbers ahead of time or by searching for
profiles in Cash App’s search functionality. The subject lines of the
requests indicate the impersonated person is in trouble or needs money
urgently. The Consumer ultimately sends funds via Cash App, but
eventually realizes the person who is being impersonated is not who is
sending the requests.
Friend/Family Impersonation refers to the creation of impersonation
accounts and is not an indicator that the actual account was fraudulently
taken over.
Fake Check Scam A Scammer sends the Consumer a check or money order worth more
than the amount they are owed and instructs them to return the excess
funds back to them via Cash App. The Scammer will portray the situation
as urgent and ask the Consumer to front the funds while the bank is
processing the check. But the check will ultimately bounce. The
Scammers will keep the real money they received.
Giveaway/Prize Scam The Scammer pretends to be running an official giveaway from a
generally known brand or business. The Consumer will receive outreach
in the form of a call, email, or letter saying they won a sweepstakes,
lottery, or prize, but are told to pay a small fee via Cash App to get the
prize. Ultimately, the prize is never awarded. In this scam, the Consumer
may have some familiarity with the brand or business but the outreach is
specific to winning a prize - not resolving an issue. This scam can also be
an Advanced Fee scam.
Goods and Services Scam The Scammer pretends to be a legitimate online seller using a very real
looking website and/or is selling a good or service via social media
marketplace sites. They offer products or services at prices that are often
too good to be true and post fake reviews to corroborate their scam. The
Consumer (buyer) will often pay some or all of the cost of the item
upfront via Cash App. The seller has no intention to provide the good or
service, nor will the Scammer meet face-to-face to facilitate the
exchange of a good or service.
Government / Public Entity The Consumer will receive an external incoming message (email, text
Impersonation message, phone call, etc) from someone who says they work for a
government agency (FTC, Social Security Administration, FBI, IRS, etc) or
another Public Entity (Banks, Utilities, Businesses, Corporations, etc). The
Scammer is often looking for personal information and/or requires a
payment via Cash App to resolve an urgent issue.
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Identity Theft Identity Theft is when a Consumer’s personal data is used in some way
that involves fraud or deception, typically for economic gain.
Job Scam These scams prey on the unemployed by promising good jobs and exploit
their need for employment through fake job offers. Scammers will ask for
money via Cash App to help a Consumer get the job (placement fee), for
supplies to start a business at home, for job listings or for a certification
that is supposed to get a job. However, after a payment(s) is sent, the
Scammer disappears, the job never materializes, and the Consumer is left
out of pocket for the amount sent.
Money Flip Scam Scammers will claim they can “flip” a Consumer’s money and multiply it
as long as the Consumer first sends a payment to the Scammer via Cash
App. These scams are too good to be true and the Scammer will accept
the funds but never send anything in return. The Scammer may
sometimes claim to know someone at Cash App who can quickly make
the flip happen.
Rental/Housing Scam A Scammer duplicates real rental listings, but changes the contact
information and reposts them on several rental sites. Consumers are told
to make a deposit or pay fees via Cash App for homes or apartments that
the Consumer will never actually buy or rent - the Scammer doesn’t have
the authority to sell or rent the places in the listings.
Romance Scam A Scammer adopts a fake online identity and uses the illusion of a
romantic relationship to gain a victim’s affection and trust. The Scammer
uses this relationship to manipulate and steal from the Consumer by
having them send money via Cash App. This scam can perpetuate over a
long period of time and Consumers may send consistent payments for
months or even years before realizing it was all an illusion.
Scam A dishonest scheme or fraudulent activity designed to defraud, exploit, or
deceive individuals by persuading them to make an authorized
transaction under false pretenses.
Scammer The perpetrator of a Scam.
Technical Support Scam The Consumer receives an external incoming message (email, text
message, phone call, etc) and is told that something is wrong with their
computer/electronic device and is given a phone number to call for help.
The Consumer may also receive a pop-up on their computer due to
malware, which instructs them to call a fake technical support number.
The technical support agent pretends to deal with their issue and
convinces the Consumer to send funds to a Cash App account to resolve
it.
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Customer Care Cash App CCO is the first line of defense and provides phone, in-app,
Organization (“CCO”) messaging, and email support to Cash App Consumers. CCO should
consider the behavioral and financial red flags outlined in this Policy
when interacting with Elders to identify any potential victims of Elder
Financial Exploitation and should take the necessary steps to provide a
referral using go/abuseesc for a specialized review of the account.
Head of Consumer As the owner of this Policy, the Head of Consumer Protection or their
Protection designee is responsible for:
● Developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations,
● Ensuring regulatory requirements are included in documentation,
● Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to
relevant stakeholders including business partners,
● Liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates,
● Conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and
● Delegating and overseeing documentation requirements, as
needed.
Cash App Risk Operations The Cash App Risk Operations Elder Investigations Team conducts a
Elder Investigations Team risk-based manual review of Consumers aged 60 and above to identify,
deter, and escalate potential victims of Elder Abuse or Elder Financial
Exploitation.
Cash App Risk Operations The Cash App Scam Specialists, within the Scams Division of Risk
Scams Division Operations, promptly identify, assess and mitigate fraudulent activities all
while maintaining a high level of Consumer trust and satisfaction. The
Scams division of the Risk Operations team is responsible for the manual
review of all Scam reports and refers cases to Compliance Investigations
aligned with the escalation criteria for evaluation of Suspicious Activity
Report (“SAR”) filing.
Cash App Specialized The SIU is responsible for ensuring suspected and confirmed Elder Abuse
Investigations Unit (“SIU”) and Elder Financial Exploitation cases are reported to the appropriate
state authorities.
Counsel Cash App’s legal counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of the requirements of this
Policy to Cash App’s business and operational activities.
Machine Learning Team The Machine Learning Team supports Cash App by applying Machine
Learning across most of the major work-streams at Cash App. This group
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
is composed of both Machine Learning Modelers (“MLMs”) and Machine
Learning Engineers (“MLEs”).
Staff Member(s) An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired
by the Company who supports the operations covered by this Policy.
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Elder Financial Abuse Policy (“Policy”) demonstrates Cash App’s commitment to identifying, deterring
and reporting suspected Elder Financial Exploitation in connection with Cash App’s products and services.
The Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Program Lead is responsible for this Policy.
2. Purpose
Cash App recognizes the importance of protecting Elders who use Cash App products and services. The
purpose of this Policy is to facilitate compliance with regulatory and state legal guidance for Elder Financial
Abuse and to ensure that Cash App and its Staff Members understand their role in preventing, detecting, and
responding to suspected Elder Financial Exploitation.
3. Scope
This Policy is established by Cash App, U.S. a Line of Business under Block, Inc and is applicable to the Cash
App businesses and related products and services.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Elder Financial Exploitation
Elder Abuse can present itself as physical abuse, emotional abuse, sexual abuse, financial abuse, neglect
and abandonment. Elder Financial Exploitation may also include stolen or misappropriated personally
identifiable information (PII). While the definition of Elder may vary depending on the state, Cash App’s
Policy aligns with the majority of regulatory guidance and defines the age of an Elder as age sixty (60) years
old and above.
4.2 Red Flags for Elder Financial Exploitation
The Red Flags outlined in this Policy that indicate suspected Elder Financial Exploitation are not necessarily
a comprehensive list of all red flags. As no single red flag is determinative of illicit or suspicious activity,
Cash App considers the surrounding facts and circumstances, such as the Elder’s historical financial activity,
if the Elder is new to Cash App and is exhibiting potentially suspicious account activity, as well as if the Elder
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
is exhibiting behavioral red flags that may indicate Elder Financial Exploitation in their interactions with our
Cash App Consumer Care Organization (“CCO”).
The Cash App CCO provides live chat, messaging, phone and email support to Consumers. The advocates
that interact with Elders are trained to identify any potential behavioral and financial red flags that an Elder
may exhibit through interactions and/or transactions over these channels.
4.2.1 Behavioral Red Flags
● Elder requests sudden or unusual changes to their contact information or adds new connections
to emails, phone numbers, or accounts, that do not align to current account information
● Elder is unable to answer basic questions about their account authentication, account activity, or
financial status
● Elder appears distressed, submissive, fearful, anxious in the tone and language used in their
communications, or may be unwilling to disconnect from the call
● Elder seems to be taking direction from someone in the background of a call
● Elder mentions how an online friend or romantic partner is asking them to receive and forward
money to one or more individuals on their behalf or open a bank account for a “business
opportunity”
● Elder is agitated or frenzied about the need to send money immediately in the face of a
purported emergency of a loved one, but the money would be sent to the account of a seemingly
unconnected third-party business or individual
● Elder is unable to speak for himself or herself and a third party is attempting to conduct
transactions or answer questions on behalf of the Elder
● Elder is unable to provide required information for the Cash App identify verification process
● Elder attempts to open multiple accounts and participate with multiple products within a short
timeframe, with connected PII
● Account access via devices with risk alerted IP addresses followed by normal log ins. This may
indicate Third party access alongside victim access.
4.2.2 Financial Red Flags
● Elder attempts to open multiple accounts and add/use multiple products within a short amount of
time
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Elder links or attempts to link multiple payment methods or sources to fund their account(s) with
mismatched PII
● Elder with dormant accounts that suddenly make recurring deposits and withdrawals or request
new products or services
● Elder receives and transfers money interstate to recipients with whom they have no in-person
relationship, and the explanation seems suspicious or indicative of a scam or money mule
scheme
● Elder who inquires about buying and/or selling bitcoin or begins buying and/or selling excessive
amounts of bitcoin
● Elder who repeatedly reaches the bitcoin withdrawal limit and requests increasing the limit
● Elder withdraws bitcoin to exchanges that do not operate in the United States
● Elder conducts peer-to-peer transactions and references one of the common scam types listed in
this Policy
● Uncharacteristic, sudden, abnormally frequent, or significant withdrawals, which may also be
seen in bitcoin transactions, or transfers of assets
● Uncharacteristic attempts to send large sums of money
● Sudden or frequent insufficient funds activity
● Elder displays a large volume or high frequency of trades that is atypical to previous behavior
● Support receives verbiage from the Elder suggesting someone directed them to sell/buy a stock
● Cash App Borrow loans are repaid by new payment card links, followed by rapid re-use of the
Borrow product
● New and/or sudden use of the Borrow product, including to new merchants that are atypical to
the Elder’s previous usage
4.3 Common Scams Targeting Consumers
The Scams outlined in the Definitions section of this Policy represent how Cash App categorizes Scams that
target Consumers.
4.4 Awareness and Education
Cash App deploys a variety of efforts to help educate Staff Members and Customers about scams and how
protections are provided by Cash App. Below are descriptions from the Fiat P2P Scams Policy that outline
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
how these efforts function and the role they play in helping to protect Cash App Customers from falling
victim to a scam.
4.4.1 Staff Member Annual Training
Awareness and education in the form of annual training is provided to applicable Cash App Staff Members on
Scam typologies, red flags, and how to report if an Elder may be a victim of Elder Financial Exploitation.
4.4.2 Consumer Awareness, Education and Prevention
Cash App provides external facing education to help prevent Consumers, inclusive of Elders, from falling
victim to a Scam using the Cash App platform.
● Cash App uses several channels to proactively educate its Consumers to prevent them from
becoming victims of scams.
● Cash App educates Consumers on the most common types of Scams on Cash App, how to avoid
becoming the victim of a scam, and how to keep their funds safe.
● Cash App uses the customer support section of its website, a customer scams education page,
and social media to educate Consumers about scams and how to prevent them. Cash regularly
updates these materials to ensure they are current and meaningful.
4.5 Scam Prevention
4.5.1 Consumer Scam Warnings
Cash App provides Consumer scam warnings in an effort to prevent senders of payments from falling victims
to Scams. These warnings are triggered by machine learning models and not displayed on every transaction
to prevent unconscious click bias by the Consumer, which allows the warnings to remain effective at
preventing scams.
● Cash App utilizes machine learning models to trigger clear and concise scam warnings when
attributes of the payment that the Consumer is attempting to send reflect a higher probability the
payment could be related to a scam.
● The warning reminds the Consumer to only send payments to individuals they know and trust.
● The warning also reminds the Consumer that payments are sent immediately and may not be
able to be reversed.
● The warning informs the Consumer they have the option to cancel the payment prior to sending if
they do feel like they may be a victim of a scam.
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● The warning inserts an intentional pause in the payment flow in case the Consumer has doubts
about the transaction they are able to cancel.
4.5.2 Real-time Transaction Blocking
Certain transactions are reviewed by machine learning models using data sources such as previous
transactions, sender and recipient identities, device characteristics, and linked instruments to identify
transactions that appear likely to be associated with a potential fraudulent payment. In certain instances,
these machine learning models will take an automated action to block or prevent the completion of the
transaction, returning the funds to the sender. A message will be provided to the sender indicating the
payment could not be completed.
4.6 Elder Abuse Referrals
Cash App Staff Members should submit a referral using go/abuseesc when it is suspected that an Elder
Consumer they are speaking, messaging, emailing, or otherwise communicating with either directly or
though another authorized designee is a potential victim of (presenting behavioral and/or financial red flags)
or when a Staff Member otherwise suspects Elder Abuse through the course of an investigation. Referrals
regarding suspected Elder Abuse are not to be disclosed by the reporter given the sensitivity and
unconfirmed nature of the activity being reported. This referral routes the Elder Consumer’s Cash App
account to a specialized team who review these reports to determine if further action needs to be taken.
4.7 Reporting Scams
Cash App encourages Consumers to report in-app or by contacting Cash App CCO when they believe they
may have fallen victim to a scam. When Consumers report scams it allows Cash App to help stop additional
victims from falling victim to the same Scammer or the latest scams. These reports made by Consumers are
used to update the machine learning models designed to warn Consumers and prevent the completion of
transactions that are potentially scam related. In addition, this reporting helps Cash App educate Consumers
on emerging scam trends, provide targeted Consumer fraud warnings, and take action on confirmed scam
perpetrators. The detection and escalation of Scams is outlined further in the Cash App Fiat Scams P2P
Policy.
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.8 Elder Financial Exploitation and Elder Abuse Investigations
Cash App has specialized teams that investigate reports of scams and play a part in investigating reports of
suspected Elder Abuse and Elder Financial Exploitation.
4.8.1 Risk Operations Scams Division
Cash App performs a systematic review of all reports of potential scams received by Cash App through an
automated machine learning model which queues the reported activity and Cash App account for manual
review by one of Cash App’s Scam Specialists within the Risk Operations Scams Division. The manual review
process is designed to identify signals within the transaction history and profile information which confirms
the Consumer is a victim of a scam and appropriate mitigating actions will be completed.
4.8.2 Risk Operations Elder Abuse Investigations Team
To manage the risks associated with Elder Abuse and Elder Financial Exploitation, Cash App maintains
dedicated processes and a specialized team, the Risk Operations Elder Abuse Investigations Team, that
focuses on proactively identifying instances of Elder Financial Exploitation and Elder Abuse and takes action
accordingly.
The Cash App Risk Operations Elder Investigations Team conducts a risk-based manual review of Consumers
aged 60 and above to identify, deter, and escalate potential victims of Elder Abuse or Elder Financial
Exploitation. The Risk Operations Elder Abuse Investigations team also conducts a risk based review of
investigation of cases referred through the use of go/abuseesc.
4.8.3 Compliance Specialized Investigations Unit (“SIU”)
The SIU is responsible for ensuring suspected and confirmed Elder Abuse and Elder Financial Exploitation
cases are reported to the appropriate state authorities. The SIU performs investigations in instances in
which we file a SAR under the Elder Financial Exploitation typology and SIU may conduct a proactive reach
out to Adult Protective Serves (APS) for applicable cases, whether it is at the local or at the state level in the
state the elder resides in, via a phone call, email or online submission.
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.9 Investigation Resolution
As a result of the investigations outlined above, Elders could be denylisted, Scammers could be denylisted,
appropriate regulatory reporting occurs, and potential reimbursement may be provided as outlined in the
Fiat P2P Scams Policy.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are
outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to evaluate
adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
9. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Cash App Fiat P2P Scams Policy
Related Standard Cash App Fraud Risk Management Standard
Related References:
Regulation Name FinCen Advisory on Elder Financial Exploitation
FIN-2022-A002
10. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Michael Carrah Counsel Reviewed/Approv… May 28, 2025
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Lee Buchmann Consumer Creation Apr 30, 2025
Protection
Compliance
Program Manager
Brian Kollmeyer Head of Initial Appro… Initial Approval May 28, 2025
Consumer
Protection
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Scheduled R… Approval Jun 6, 2025
Committee Committee
11. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [U.S.]
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance
Program Lead
Last Approval Date Jun 6, 2025
Effective Date Jun 6, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually
Elder Financial Exploitation Policy | Cash App
17