Complaints Standard
Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd and Afterpay New Zealand
Limited
Last Approved: Jan 27, 2026
Effective Date: Jan 27, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This ANZ Complaints Standard (the "Standard") outlines Afterpay
Australia Pty Ltd and Afterpay New Zealand Limited's (collectively, "Afterpay ANZ") approach to
complaints management and resolution. The purpose of this Standard is to establish
comprehensive guidelines governing Afterpay ANZ's complaints management processes, ensuring
consistent operations across Australia and New Zealand while maintaining compliance with
applicable regulatory requirements.
This Standard aligns with the Block Global Complaints Policy and the Block Global Complaints
Standard, ensuring that all complaints are identified and resolved in an effective, consistent, and
compliant manner. This Standard is designed to provide specific regulatory requirements for
managing complaints for Afterpay ANZ and is to be read together with the requirements set out in
the complaints handling procedures.
Scope: This Standard applies to:
● Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd and Afterpay New Zealand Limited (collectively, "Afterpay ANZ");
● All directors, officers, and team members of Afterpay ANZ • All full-time employees and
fixed-term and contingent workers including interns, temps, consultants, vendors,
third-party providers, and contractors;
● All employees and affiliates acting for or on behalf of Afterpay ANZ, across all areas
supporting Afterpay ANZ operations; and
● All complaints related to products and services offered by Afterpay ANZ in Australia and
New Zealand
This Standard is applicable globally across all Afterpay business lines, subsidiaries, and
jurisdictions for transactions that apply to Australia and New Zealand.
1

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Afterpay Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd and Afterpay New Zealand Limited that offers,
among other things, a 'Buy Now Pay Later' facility.
Australian Credit A license issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission
Licence ACL ASIC for credit activities.
Afterpay An internal governance committee made up of senior management
Governance, responsible for the oversight of Afterpay's compliance with applicable laws
Risk and and its key risks.
Compliance
Committee GRC
Committee)
Block, Inc. Block, Inc., is a Delaware corporation and the ultimate parent of Afterpay.
Board The Board of Directors of Afterpay.
Business Units Organisations within Afterpay responsible for the products and services
offered by Afterpay.
Complaint An expression of dissatisfaction made to or about an organisation, related to
its product, services, staff or the handling of a complaint, where a response
or resolution is explicitly or implicitly expected or legally required. In
accordance with RG 271 and AS/NZS 100022014.
Complaint Tier Classification of complaints based on risk level: Tier 1 High Risk), Tier 2
Medium Risk), Tier 3 Low Risk).
Dispute Chargebacks or allegations of an unauthorized transaction. Disputes are
handled by specialized teams and not via the complaint process, unless the
customer expresses dissatisfaction about the dispute process itself.
External Dispute External schemes for resolving disputes: AFCA Australia) and FDRS New
Resolution EDR Zealand).
Financial Registration status in New Zealand with the New Zealand Companies Office.
Services
Provider FSP
Hardship A complaint relating to financial hardship, treated as urgent matters requiring
Complaint resolution within 21 calendar days.
2

Internal Dispute Afterpay's internal process for managing complaints in compliance with
Resolution IDR regulatory standards.
Procedure
Obligations The actionable requirements within applicable laws, rules and regulations,
and enforceable regulatory guidance for Afterpay products and services.
Staff Member(s) An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired by
the Company who supports the operations covered by this Standard.
2. Afterpay-Specific Requirements
AFTERPAY'S COMPLAINTS MANAGEMENT OBLIGATIONS:
2.1. Afterpay Australia
In Australia, Afterpay is:
● A holder of an Australian Credit Licence ACL with the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission ASIC. As such, Afterpay must have an internal dispute
resolution IDR procedure that complies with standards and requirements made or
approved by ASIC in accordance with the regulations and covers disputes in relation to
credit activities engaged in by itself or its representatives.
● Accredited as a Code Compliant Member of the Buy Now Pay Later Code of Practice BNPL
Code). Under the BNPL Code, Afterpay has obligations to ensure that the Complaints Policy
is visible and easily accessible on the Afterpay website and to comply with ASIC's
standards and requirements in relation to complaint resolution.
● A member of an external dispute resolution EDR scheme in Australia and is a member of
the Australian Financial Complaints Authority AFCA, membership number 45772.
2.2. Afterpay New Zealand
In New Zealand, Afterpay is:
● Registered as a Financial Services Provider FSP with the New Zealand Companies Office.
● A member of an external dispute resolution EDR scheme in New Zealand and is a member
of the FDRS (membership number FM4499.
3

2.3. Definition of Complaint
In accordance with RG 271 and AS/ NZS 10002 2014, Afterpay defines a complaint as the following:
“An expression of dissatisfaction made to or about an organisation, related to its product, services, staff
or the handling of a complaint, where a response or resolution is explicitly or implicitly expected or legally
requiredˮ .
2.4. Afterpay’s IDR procedure
Afterpay maintains an IDR procedure that complies with the standards and requirements required by
regulation. This procedure is maintained by the Operations team and is reviewed on a periodic basis.
This procedure complies with the obligations set out in ASIC Regulatory Guide RG271, Part B of the
Buy Now Pay Later Code of Practice BNPL, AFCA Rules; ASIC RG96 Debt Collection Guidelines and is
in place to support Afterpay in meeting the timeframe and response requirements for effectively
managing complaints. An overview of these requirements are provided in Annexure A - IDR
Timeframes and Responses.
2.5. External Dispute Resolution Membership
Renewal of the annual membership to both AFCA and the FDRS is performed by the EDR team and is
reported by the Operations team to the GRC Committee on an annual basis.
2.6. Complaints Resolution
Complaint resolutions operate in accordance with the delegations set out within the Goodwill Refunds -
Complaint Resolution document. This document is reviewed on an annual basis by the Afterpay Global
Complaints Leader.
2.7. Customer Remediation
Customer remediation requirements are outlined in the Afterpay Compliance Incident and Breach
Management Program. Any customer remediation for a complaint must follow these requirements and
include:
● 9 key principles to ensure Afterpayʼs remediation process is effective when delivering
outcomes to our customers; and
● A tailored customer remediation approach for Reportable Situations that takes into account
Regulatory Guide 277 Customer Remediation requirements.
2.8. Ongoing Monitoring and Governance
Complaints are monitored on an ongoing basis by the Operations Team. Reporting of complaints is
performed by the Operations Team to ANZ senior management on a monthly basis, quarterly to the GRC
Committee and annually to the Board.
4

In addition, the Internal Testing and Monitoring Team performs periodic reviews to confirm that Afterpay is
managing complaints in line with its regulatory requirements.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Global Complaints Leader:
○ Responsible for overseeing global complaints management program
○ Provides monthly complaint reports on volumes, trends, and insights to Afterpay
ANZ leadership
○ Serves as point of contact for complaint data and supporting commentary for Board
reports
● Global Head of Afterpay Lending Operations:
○ Responsible for oversight of customer service operations
○ Escalates complaint trends and volumes as appropriate
○ Oversight for root cause analysis and remedial action decisions
Afterpay Roles:
● Head of Compliance, ANZ
○ Document Owner for this Standard
○ Responsible for approving exceptions to this Standard
○ Approves non-material changes to this Standard
○ Ensures appropriate practices are in place to support compliance
○ Monitors and reports on compliance with this Standard
● Operations Team:
○ Maintains the IDR procedure
○ Manages the Complaint Log
○ Monitors complaints on an ongoing basis
○ Reports complaints monthly to ANZ senior management
○ Reports quarterly to the GRC Committee and annually to the Board
○ Performs EDR membership renewal reporting
● Internal Testing and Monitoring Team:
○ Performs periodic reviews to confirm Afterpay is managing complaints in line with
regulatory requirements
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
5

On an ongoing basis, the Head of Compliance, ANZ and/or their designee monitors activities for
compliance and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy,
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive
management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Standard effectively. All training-related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program. New hires must receive
complaint training before servicing complaints and must complete annual training thereafter.
3.4. Record Retention
All complaint logs and associated data must be retained for a minimum of seven 7 years or in
accordance with the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
Complaints are retained in Afterpay's customer service software and are categorized accordingly.
3.5. Exceptions
The Head of Compliance, ANZ or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or
exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate
applicable laws and regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a
reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will implement to
mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in
writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions
should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team. The Head of Compliance, ANZ and/or designee
will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
6

4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Head of
Compliance, ANZ.
Review related documents:
● Block Global Complaints Policy
● Block Global Complaints Standard
● Afterpay ANZ Governance, Risk and Compliance Framework
● Afterpay Compliance Incident and Breach Management Program
● Afterpay ANZ Hardship Policy
● Afterpay ANZ Vulnerable Customer Policy
● Goodwill Refunds - Complaint Resolution
● ASIC Regulatory Guide RG271
● Buy Now Pay Later Code of Practice BNPL
● ASIC RG277 Customer Remediation
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix. Non-material changes are
approved by the Head of Compliance, ANZ and material changes (including the annual review) are
approved by the GRC Committee.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Martina Kann Head of Initial Appro… Updated from January 27, 2026
Compliance, ANZ Policy template to
Standard
Document Details:
Business Afterpay
Scope Regional - Australia and New Zealand
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Senior Compliance Manager, Afterpay ANZ
7

Approved By Head of Compliance, ANZ
Document Tier Tier 3
8

Annexure A - IDR Timeframes and Responses
Timeframes
● Afterpay acknowledges all complaints within 1 day of receipt;
● Afterpay provides an initial response to all complaints within 10 business days (unless Afterpay
has already resolved their complaint);
● Afterpay will always attempt to resolve a customer complaint within 21 days, with the maximum
time permissible to resolve a complaint being 30 days;
● Afterpay will treat complaints relating to financial hardship as ‘urgentʼ matters and attempt to
resolve them within 21 days.
Responses - Australia
Except where the complaint is about hardship or the customer requests a written response, if the
complaint is resolved within 5 business days to the customerʼs satisfaction, the resolution is to be
recorded in the system with no further response required to be provided to the customer confirming the
resolution.
Written Notifications
● A final response letter is required where:
○ A complaint takes more than 5 business days to resolve (this includes situations where
Afterpay takes more than 5 business days to resolve the complaint to the full
satisfaction of the customer);
○ The complaint relates to hardship; or
○ The customer has requested a written response.
● The final response letter must contain details of:
○ The final outcome of the complaint (including whether have been able to provide the
customer what they were seeking) and advise that our internal complaints process has
concluded;
○ The customerʼs right to take their complaint to AFCA; and
○ The contact details of AFCA.
● Further, if Afterpay cannot provide a final response to the customer within 30 days, Afterpay
must inform the customer of:
○ The status of their complaint;
○ The reason for any delay;
○ Their right to complain to AFCA; and
○ The contact details for AFCA.
It is important to note that the 30 day timeframe does not recommence if Afterpay obtains new information
from the customer in relation to their complaint.
Hardship complaints
For complaints relating to Hardship, they must be treated as “urgentˮ and responded to within 21 calendar
days (at the latest) after receiving the complaint.
9

If Afterpay does not have sufficient information about a hardship notice to make a decision, they must
request the information no later than 21 calendar days after receiving the complaint. The complainant must
provide the information within 21 calendar days of receiving the request. Once Afterpay has requested
information, it has a further 21 calendar days to provide a response to the customer. If Afterpay does not
receive the requested information within 21 calendar days of requesting the information, it has 7 calendar
days to provide a response to the customer.
Where an agreement is reached about a hardship notice or request to postpone enforcement proceedings,
Afterpay will within 30 calendar days, confirm the terms of the arrangement to the customer, in writing.
Responses - New Zealand
Written Notifications
● A formal acknowledgement is required in 1 day and must include:
○ The customerʼs right to take their complaint to FDRS; and
○ The contact details of FDRS.
● A final response letter is required where:
○ A complaint takes more than 5 business days to resolve (this includes situations where
Afterpay takes more than 5 business days to resolve the complaint to the full
satisfaction of the customer);
○ The complaint relates to hardship; or
○ The customer has requested a written response.
● The final response letter must contain details of:
○ The final outcome of the complaint (including whether have been able to provide the
customer what they were seeking) and advise that our internal complaints process has
concluded;
○ The customerʼs right to take their complaint to FDRS; and
○ The contact details of FDRS.
● Further, if Afterpay cannot provide a final response to the customer within 30 days, Afterpay
must inform the customer of:
○ The status of their complaint;
○ The reason for any delay;
○ Their right to complain to FDRS; and
○ The contact details for FDRS.
It is important to note that the 30 day timeframe does not recommence if Afterpay obtains new information
from the customer in relation to their complaint.
Hardship complaints
For complaints relating to Hardship, they must be treated as “urgentˮ and responded to within 21 calendar
days (at the latest) after receiving the complaint.
10

If Afterpay does not have sufficient information about a hardship notice to make a decision, they must
request the information no later than 21 calendar days after receiving the complaint. The complainant must
provide the information within 21 calendar days of receiving the request. Once Afterpay has requested
information, it has a further 21 calendar days to provide a response to the customer. If Afterpay does not
receive the requested information within 21 calendar days of requesting the information, it has 7 calendar
days to provide a response to the customer.
Where an agreement is reached about a hardship notice or request to postpone enforcement proceedings,
Afterpay will within 30 calendar days, confirm the terms of the arrangement to the customer, in writing.
11