○
Truth in Lending Act
Policy
Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product |
Block, Inc.
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Cash App’s U.S.
business operations and on a need-to-know basis.
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 7
4. Policy Requirements 7
4.1 Policy Statement 7
4.2 TILA Policy Requirements 8
5. Document Management 27
5.1 Document Owner 27
5.2 Review and Approval 27
6. Training 27
7. Monitoring and Reporting 27
8. Exceptions 27
9. Record Retention 28
10. Related Documentation or References 28
11. Revision and Approval History 28
12. Document Details 29
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Billing Cycle The interval between the days or dates of regular periodic statements. These
intervals must be equal and no longer than a quarter of a year. An interval is
considered equal if the number of days in the cycle does not vary more than
four days from the regular day or date of the periodic statement.
Billing Error Notice Written notice received from a borrower that indicates a belief that a billing
error exists that is received within 60 calendar days of the first periodic
statement that reflects the alleged billing error and includes information
sufficient to identify the borrower’s name and/or account number.
Business Day Regulation Z contains two definitions of a Business Day; one is the general
definition and the other is the specific, or precise, definition.
● General Definition: a Business Day is a day on which a creditor’s offices
are open to the public for carrying on substantially all of its business
functions.
● Specific Definition: a Business Day includes all calendar days except
Sundays and legal public holidays as specified in 5 U.S.C. 6103(a). The
specific definition of Business Days applies to the right of rescission
and High-Cost loans.
The federal legal public holidays identified in 5 U.S.C. 6103(a) are as follows:
● New Year’s Day - January 1
● Martin Luther King, Jr. Day - Third Monday in January
● Washington’s Birthday - Third Monday in February
● Memorial Day - Last Monday in May
● Juneteenth - June 19
● Independence Day- July 4
● Labor Day - First Monday in September
● Columbus Day - Second Monday in October
● Veteran’s Day - November 11
● Thanksgiving Day - Fourth Thursday in November
● Christmas Day - December 25
Credit Card Any card, plate, or another single credit device that may be used from time to
time to obtain credit. The term Credit Card includes a hybrid prepaid-Credit
Card as defined in § 1026.61.
Credit Products Any of Cash App US’s lending products including (1) Borrow (2) Pre-Purchase
Financing (3) Retroactive Financing or (4) Cash App Afterpay Online Checkout,
unless otherwise noted.
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Charge Card A Credit Card on an account for which no Periodic Rate is used to compute a
Finance Charge.
Closed-end Credit Consumer credit other than “Open-end Credit” as defined in § 1026.2.
Consummation The time that a Consumer becomes contractually obligated on a credit
transaction.
Consumer A cardholder or natural person to whom Consumer credit is offered or
extended. For purposes of §1026.20(c)–(e), the term includes a confirmed
successor in interest.
Finance Charge The Finance Charge is a measure of the cost of Consumer credit represented
as a dollar amount. Cash App Lending must disclose the Finance Charge,
expressed as a dollar amount. The Finance Charge includes any charge
payable directly or indirectly by the Consumer and imposed directly or
indirectly by Cash App Lending as a condition of the credit.
Open-end Credit Consumer credit extended by a creditor under a plan in which:
● The creditor reasonably contemplates repeated transactions;
● The creditor may impose a Finance Charge from time to time on an
outstanding unpaid balance; and
● The amount of credit that may be extended to the Consumer during
the term of the plan (up to any limit set by the creditor) is generally
made available to the extent that any outstanding balance is repaid
Periodic Rate A rate of Finance Charge that is or may be imposed by a creditor on a balance
for a day, week, month, or other subdivision of a year.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be responsible for
establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that Cash App
operations reflect Cash App’s commitment to compliance and that all Staff
Members are aware of that commitment and their individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and reporting on
compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of Compliance may delegate to
others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and
reporting that support this Policy.
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Product Compliance The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and is
Lead responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to
this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations, (iii)
ensuring regulatory risks are identified in documentation, (iv) providing and
communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including
business partners, (v) liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy
updates, (vi) conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating
and overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Staff Members Cash App’s Staff Members are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii) completing
any required compliance training in a timely manner, and (iii) promptly
reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements.
Lending Regulatory Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
Counsel regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Truth in Lending Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Cash App US’s (“Cash App”) commitment to comply with
the Truth in Lending Act (“TILA”). Cash App is committed to ensuring that its business activities are
conducted in a manner that complies with all applicable requirements of TILA. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance and/or their designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to establish and define guidelines for Cash App to comply with all applicable
provisions of TILA and its implementing Regulation Z.
TILA was adopted to ensure that credit terms are disclosed in a meaningful way so consumers can
knowledgeably and easily compare credit terms before entering into a credit transaction. TILA also sets forth
specific requirements with respect to servicing obligations and marketing credit products. This Policy sets
forth the requirements for adhering to TILA as it pertains to Cash App’s lending operations.
Cash App is committed to the highest standards of consumer compliance and requires all Staff Members to
follow this Policy and adhere to these standards.
3. Scope
This Policy is applicable to Cash App’s Credit Products within the United States and sets out the approach to
TILA compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Cash App Staff Members and relevant
personnel are aware of and comply with expectations of TILA.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Policy Statement
The purpose of this Policy is to facilitate compliance with all applicable aspects of TILA related to Credit
Products and to ensure that Cash App’s Staff Members understand the requirements and restrictions that
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
must be followed during the marketing, application, origination, and servicing processes.
4.2 TILA Policy Requirements
Cash App offers closed-end credit products subject to some of TILA's requirements for credit cards and
traditional closed-end installment loans subject to TILA. The requirements pertaining to both Open-end
and Closed-end Credit Products are set forth below should Cash App choose to offer open-end credit
products in the future.
In addition to TILA’s requirements that are applicable to Cash App’s product offerings, it is Cash App’s
policy to comply with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Interpretive Rule [Docket No.
CFPB-2024-0017], “Use of Digital User Accounts to Access Buy Now, Pay Later Loans.”
● Open-End Credit
○ General Disclosures.
Cash App will clearly inform Consumers of the costs, terms, and conditions of all
products. Cash App discloses credit terms and conditions in terminology specified in
TILA and ensures that disclosures are clear, conspicuous, and in writing. Disclosures
required by TILA, and all other disclosures, are provided electronically subject to
compliance with the Consumer consent and other applicable provisions of the
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (“E-Sign”).
○ Account Opening Disclosures.
For each open-end agreement Cash App establishes with a Consumer, Cash App will
deliver required disclosures prior to the first transaction on the account. Disclosures
are clear, conspicuous, and in a reasonably understandable form.
Cash App will provide the following initial disclosures on the open-end account in a
tabular format with the headings, content, and format substantially similar to any of
the applicable tables in Model Form G-17 in Appendix G of Regulation Z. Cash App
will include, to the extent applicable:
■ The Periodic Rate and corresponding APR, including:
● Variable-rate information;
● Discounted initial rates;
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Premium initial rate;
● Penalty rates;
● Point of sale APRs vary by state or based on creditworthiness;
● Any introductory rate that would apply to the account; and
● Any rate would apply upon the expiration of a premium initial rate.
■ Fees for issuance or availability;
■ Fixed Finance Charge;
■ Minimum interest charge;
■ Transaction charges;
■ Grace period;
■ Balance computation method;
■ Cash advance fee;
■ Late payment fee;
■ Over-the-limit fee;
■ Balance transfer fee;
■ Required insurance, debt cancellation or debt suspension coverage;
■ Available credit;
■ A reference to the website maintained by the CFPB and a statement that
Consumers may obtain on the website information about shopping for and
using Credit Cards; and
■ A statement that contains information about Consumers' right to dispute
transactions.
Cash App discloses the following charges prior to account opening, to the extent
applicable:
■ Any Finance Charges;
■ The conditions under which a Finance Charge begins to accrue;
■ An explanation of the method for determining the balance on which the
Finance Charge is computed;
■ The method for determining the Finance Charge;
● Charges imposed as part of the open-end account, such as:
● Charges resulting from the Consumer's failure to use the plan as
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
agreed;
● Taxes imposed on the credit transaction by a state or other
governmental body;
● Charges for which the payment or nonpayment, affect the Consumer's
access to the account, the duration of the account, the amount of
credit extended, the period for which credit is extended, or the timing
or method of billing or payment;
● Charges imposed for terminating an account; and
● Charges for voluntary credit insurance, debt cancellation or debt
suspension.
■ Charges that are not imposed as part of the open-end account, such as
charges for use of an automated teller machine.
○ The will disclose, for each Periodic Rate used to calculate interest, to the extent
applicable:
■ Rates;
■ Range of balances to which the rate is applicable;
■ The type of transaction to which the rate applies; and
■ Balance computation method.
For all variable rate accounts, Cash App will disclose, to the extent applicable:
■ The fact that the APR may increase;
■ How the rate is determined, including the margin;
■ The circumstances under which the rate may increase;
■ The frequency with which the rate may increase;
■ Any limitation on the amount the rate may change; and
■ The effect(s) of an increase.
In the event that Cash App offers open-end accounts with interest rate changes that
are specifically set forth in the account agreement and not tied to increases in an
index or formula, Cash App will disclose to the extent applicable:
■ The initial rate (expressed as a Periodic Rate and a corresponding APR);
■ Period of time the initial rate will remain in effect and the specific events that
cause the initial rate to change;
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ The rate (expressed as a Periodic Rate and a corresponding APR) that will
apply when the initial rate is no longer in effect, and any limitation on the time
period the new rate will remain in effect;
■ The balances to which the new rate will apply; and
■ The balances to which the current rate at the time of the change will apply.
In addition, Cash App will disclose the following information, to the extent applicable:
■ Voluntary credit insurance, debt cancellation, or debt suspension;
■ Any security interest acquired as part of the open-end account; and
■ The statement of billing rights, which outlines the Consumer’s rights and the
creditor’s responsibilities.
○ Periodic Statements
Periodic statements will be delivered for each Billing Cycle at the end of which an
account has a debit or credit balance of more than $1 or on which a Finance Charge
has been imposed.
■ For Credit Card accounts, periodic statements are delivered at least 21 days
prior to the payment due date disclosed on the statement.
■ For open-end Consumer credit plans, if a grace period applies to the account,
periodic statements are delivered at least 21 days prior to the date on which
the grace period expires. If no grace period exists, periodic statements are
delivered at least 14 days prior to the date on which the required minimum
periodic payment must be received in order to avoid being treated as late for
any purpose.
Cash App includes the following disclosures, as applicable, on the Consumer’s
periodic statement:
■ The account balance outstanding at the beginning of the Billing Cycle;
■ Identification of each credit transaction;
■ Any credit to the account during the Billing Cycle, including the amount and
the date of crediting;
■ Periodic Rate that may be used to compute the interest charge expressed as
an annual percentage rate and using the term Annual Percentage Rate, along
with the range of balances to which it is applicable;
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ In the event Cash App offers a promotional rate, the rate will be disclosed in
periods in which the promotional rate is actually applied;
■ The amount of the balance to which a Periodic Rate was applied and an
explanation of how that balance was determined, using the term Balance
Subject to Interest Rate
■ Charges imposed, which include interest charges and fees;
■ Change-in-terms and increased penalty rate summary;
■ Grace period, which is the date by which or the time period within which the
new balance or any portion of the new balance must be paid to avoid
additional Finance Charges;
■ Address for notice of billing errors;
■ Closing date of Billing Cycle and the outstanding account balance on that
date, included in close proximity to the minimum payment due;
■ Due date and any late payment costs on the first page of the periodic
statement. The amount of the late payment fee (if any) and the APR will be
included in close proximity to the due date;
■ Repayment disclosures, which include the minimum payment warning, the
minimum payment repayment estimate, and other required information; and
■ In the event Cash App offers deferred interest or a similar program, on the
front of any page of each periodic statement issued during the deferred
interest period beginning with the first periodic statement issued during the
deferred interest period that reflects the deferred interest or similar
transaction, Cash App will include the date by which that outstanding balance
must be paid in full in order for the customer to avoid the obligation to pay
Finance Charges.
○ Subsequent Disclosures
■ Change in Terms
Cash App is required to provide Consumers with 45 days advance written
notice of rate increases and other significant changes to the terms of their
Credit Card account agreements. The list of “significant changes” includes
most fees and other terms that a Consumer should be aware of before the
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
use of the account. Examples of such fees and terms include:
● Penalty fees;
● Transaction fees;
● Fees imposed for the issuance or availability of the open-end plan;
● Grace period; and
● Balance computation method.
Changes that do not require advance notice include:
● Reductions of Finance Charges;
● Termination of account privileges resulting from an agreement
involving a court proceeding;
● Increase in an APR upon expiration of a specified period of time
previously disclosed in writing;
● Increases in variable APRs that change according to an index not
under the card issuer’s control; and
● Rate increases due to the completion of, or failure of a Consumer to
comply with, the terms of a workout or temporary hardship
arrangement, if those terms are disclosed prior to commencement of
the arrangement.
Cash App may suspend account privileges, terminate an account, or lower the
credit limit without notice. However, if Cash App lowers the credit limit, Cash
App will not impose an over-limit fee or penalty rate as a result of exceeding
the new credit limit without a 45-day advance notice that the credit limit has
been reduced.
In the event the customer does not accept the change to the account, Cash
App does not impose any additional fees or treat the customer differently
from those who accepted the account change.
■ Annual Statement of Billing Rights
At least annually, Cash App will provide Consumers with an annual statement
of billing rights. Such disclosures may be provided on or with the periodic
statement. The annual statement of billing rights will occur at intervals not
less than 6 and no more than 18 months.
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Payments
Cash App will credit a payment to the Consumer's account as of the date of receipt,
except when a delay in crediting does not result in a finance or other charge. If Cash
App fails to credit a payment in time to avoid the imposition of finance or other
charges, Cash App will adjust the Consumer’s account so that the charges imposed
are credited to the Consumer’s account during the next Billing Cycle.
In the event Cash App makes a material change in the address for receiving payments
or procedures for handling payments, and such change causes a material delay in the
crediting of a payment to the Consumer’s account during the 60-day period following
the date on which such change took effect, Cash App will not impose any late fee or
Finance Charge for a late payment on the Credit Card account during the 60-day
period following the date on which the change took effect.
○ Treatment of Credit Balances
When a credit balance in excess of $1 is created on a credit account, Cash App will:
■ Credit the amount of the credit balance to the Consumer's account;
■ Refund any part of the remaining credit balance within seven Business Days
from receipt of a written request from the Consumer;
■ Make a good faith effort to refund to the Consumer by cash, check, or money
order, or credit to a deposit account of the Consumer, any part of the credit
balance remaining in the account for more than six months.
○ Account Termination
Cash App will not terminate an account prior to its expiration date solely because the
Consumer does not incur a Finance Charge.
○ Billing Error Resolution
When Cash App receives a Billing Error Notice it will either resolve the dispute or
send written acknowledgment to the customer within 30 days. If research is required,
Cash App will resolve the dispute within two Billing Cycles (not to exceed 90 days).
Cash App will take all measures necessary to correct the valid billing error.
While the dispute is outstanding, Cash App will not attempt to collect any payment on
the disputed portion, accelerate any part of the customer’s debt, restrict or close the
account, or threaten to report negative credit report information.
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
If Cash App determines that a billing error occurred as asserted, Cash App will
correct the error and credit the Consumer’s account with any disputed amount and
related finance or other charges and deliver a correction notice to the Consumer.
If Cash App determines that no billing error occurred or that a different billing error
occurred from that asserted, Cash App will: i) deliver to the Consumer an explanation
that sets for the reasons for Cash App’s belief that the error alleged by the Consumer
is incorrect in whole or in part; ii) furnish copies of evidence if requested; and iii) if a
different error occurred, correct the error and credit the Consumer’s account with
any disputed amount and related finance or other charges.
○ Determination of APR
The APR is a measure of the total cost of credit, expressed as a yearly rate that
relates the amount and timing of value received by the Consumer to the amount and
timing of payments made by the Consumer. As a general rule, the annual percentage
rate shall be considered accurate if it is not more than 1/8 of 1 percentage point above
or below the annual percentage rate determined in accordance with Regulation Z.
○ Advertising
If an advertisement for credit states specific credit terms, Cash App will only state
those terms that actually are or will be arranged or offered.
Negative and affirmative references of certain terms trigger the requirement for
additional information. Triggering terms include any finance and other charges
imposed as part of the plan. If these charges are included in an advertisement, the
advertisement must also clearly and conspicuously state the following additional
disclosures:
■ Any minimum, fixed, transaction, activity, or similar charge that is a Finance
Charge under §1026.4 that could be imposed;
■ Any Periodic Rate that may be applied, expressed as an annual percentage
rate (APR). If the plan provides for variable rates, that must also be disclosed;
and
■ Any membership or participation fees that could be imposed.
If an advertisement for credit to finance the purchase of goods or services specified
in the advertisement states a periodic payment amount, the advertisement shall also
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
state the total of payments and the time period to repay the obligation, assuming that
the Consumer pays only the periodic payment amount advertised. The disclosure of
the total of payments and the time period to repay the obligation must be equally
prominent to the statement of the periodic payment amount.
Additionally, TILA requires the following advertising standards for Open-end Credit:
■ If an advertisement refers to an APR as “fixed” (or similar term), the
advertisement will also specify a time period that the rate with be fixed and
that the rate will not increase during that period;
■ If an APR or fee applied to an account is an introductory rate or introductory
fee, the term introductory or intro will be in immediate proximity to each
listing of the introductory rate or introductory fee in a written or electronic
advertisement; and
■ If an APR or fee applied to an account is a promotional rate, the
advertisement will disclose when the promotional rate or promotional fee will
end and the annual percentage rate that will apply after the end of the
promotional period will be disclosed.
If the advertisement is delivered by radio or television and due to time constraints the
above disclosures cannot be provided, the advertisement may include a statement of
the APR and list a toll-free telephone number including a reference that the number
may be used by Consumers to obtain additional cost information and disclosures.
● Special Rules Applicable to Credit Card Accounts
○ Ability to Repay
Cash App currently does not have any open-end credit cards, but if established, this
requirement would apply. Cash App will not originate an Open-end Credit Card
account for a Consumer or increase any credit limit applicable to such an account
unless Cash App considers the Consumer's ability to make the required minimum
periodic payments under the account terms. The evaluation of the Consumer’s ability
to make the required minimum periodic payment will be based on the Consumer's
income or assets and the Consumer's current obligations.
Considering the estimation of minimum payments, Cash App assumes utilization from
the first day of the Billing Cycle of the full credit line the issuer is offering the
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Consumer. Additionally, the estimation of minimum payments includes any applicable
interest charges or mandatory fees required to be paid by a Consumer.
Cash App will not originate an open-end Credit Card account for any Consumer less
than 21 years old unless the Consumer is able to provide the following:
■ A written application; and
■ Financial information indicating the ability to make the required minimum
payments.
Cash App may elect to utilize joint accounts at its discretion. In the event Cash App
offers joint accounts and a Consumer cannot present financial information indicating
the ability to make the required minimum payments, Cash App will open a Credit Card
account if the Consumer can provide:
■ An agreement of a cosigner, guarantor, or joint applicant who is at least 21
years old to be either secondarily liable on the Credit Card before the
Consumer has attained the age of 21, or jointly liable with the Consumer for
any debt on the Credit Card; and
■ Financial information indicating such cosigner, guarantor, or joint applicant
has the ability to make the required minimum periodic payments on such
debts.
When considering a credit line increase for Consumers less than 21 years old, Cash
App will make no increase in the credit limit on their Credit Card account unless:
■ At the time the credit line increase is being considered, the Consumer has an
independent ability to make the required minimum payment on the increased
limit;
■ A cosigner, guarantor, or joint applicant who is at least 21 years old agrees in
writing to assume liability for any debt incurred on the account; or
■ If the Credit Card account was opened with a cosigner, guarantor, or joint
account holder who assumed liability at account opening, the same person
must agree in writing to assume liability on the credit line increase.
○ Limitations on Fees
Cash App is committed to not charging unreasonable fees on Open-end Credit Card
accounts. Cash App will not charge fees during the first year after opening a Credit
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
17

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Card account that exceeds 25 percent of the credit limit at the time of account
opening. For the purposes of this declaration, the following fees are not subject to
this limitation:
■ Late payment fees;
■ Over-the-limit fees;
■ Returned payments fees; and
■ Fees a Consumer is not required to pay with respect to the Credit Card
account, such as a cash advance or balance transfer fee.
Cash App will not charge a fee for violating terms or other requirements of the Credit
Card account that are inconsistent with the above standards. However, Cash App may
impose a fee for violating terms or other requirements of the Credit Card account if
the dollar amount does not exceed:
■ $27;
■ $38, if Cash App previously imposed a fee for a violation of the same type
that occurred during the same Billing Cycle or one of the next six Billing
Cycles; or
■ Three percent of the delinquent balance on a Charge Card account that
requires payment of outstanding balances in full at the end of each Billing
Cycle if the card issuer has not received the required payment for two or
more consecutive Billing Cycles.
Cash App may choose to impose a fee for violating terms or other requirements of
the Credit Card account if Cash App has determined the dollar amount of the fee
represents a reasonable proportion of the total costs incurred as a result of that type
of violation. Cash App will reevaluate this determination at least every 12 months and
should a determination be made that a lower fee represents a reasonable proportion
of the total costs incurred, Cash App will begin imposing the lower fee within 45 days
after completing the reevaluation. If as a result of the reevaluation Cash App
determines a higher fee represents a reasonable proportion of the total costs
incurred, Cash App will only begin charging the fee after complying with TILA’s notice
requirements.
Cash App will never impose a fee for violating terms or other requirements of the
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
18

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Credit Card account that exceeds the dollar amount associated with the violation.
Similarly, Cash App will not impose a fee for:
■ Transactions that Cash App declined to authorize;
■ Account inactivity; and
■ The closure or termination of an account.
Cash App is committed to not imposing more than one fee for violating terms or
requirements of a Credit Card account based on a single event or transaction.
○ Allocation of Payments
In the event a Consumer makes a payment in excess of the minimum payment, Cash
App will allocate the excess amount first to the balance with the highest annual
percentage rate. Any remaining portion will be allocated to any other balances in
descending order based on the applicable annual percentage rate.
In cases where a Consumer has a Credit Card account with Cash App that is subject
to a deferred interest program where the interest accrues on the balance, but is not
required to be paid by the Consumer provided the balance is paid in full prior to the
expiration date, Cash App will:
■ Apply any payment exceeding the minimum as stated above, but during the
last two Billing Cycles immediately preceding expiration of the deferred
interest period, the excess amount will be allocated first to any balance
subject to deferred interest and any remaining portion to other balances
beginning with those with the highest applicable annual percentage rate; or
■ Allocate payments exceeding the minimum payment in the manner requested
by the Consumer if the Consumer requests the allocation of payments in a
different manner.
○ Limitations on the Imposition of Finance Charges
Cash App will not impose Finance Charges due to the loss of a grace period on a
Credit Card account that is based on either balances for days in Billing Cycles that
precede the most recent Billing Cycle or any portion of a balance subject to a grace
period that was repaid prior to the expiration of the grace period. These limitations do
not apply to adjustments to Finance Charges as a result of a resolution of a dispute
with Cash App under the provisions of Regulation Z, or adjustments to Finance
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
19

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Charges due to the return of a payment.
○ Limitations on Increasing Annual Percentage Rates, Fees, and Charges
Cash App may have Credit Card accounts where an APR, fee, or charge will be
temporary. If the temporary period is six months or longer and Cash App will increase
the APR, fee, or charge at the expiration of that period, Cash App will disclose the
increase to the Consumer in a clear and conspicuous manner and the length of time
and annual percentage rate, fee, or charge that will apply after the expiration of that
period.
Cash App will ensure transactions that occurred prior to the temporary period will not
be impacted by any increase in APR, fee, or charge. All Consumers will be notified of
a change to their APR, fees, or charges. Additionally, transactions that occur within 14
days after the notice has been provided to Consumers will not be impacted by any
such changes.
Cash App may choose to associate the APR charged to Consumers with an index that
is not determined by Cash App and is available to the general public. In this event, any
increase that impacts the Consumer’s APR will be the direct result of an increase in
the index.
Cash App maintains the right to increase an APR, fee, or charge due to the
non-receipt of a minimum payment within 60 days after the due date for that
payment. If Cash App chooses to impose an increase, it will disclose in a clear and
conspicuous manner:
■ A statement detailing the reason for the increase; and
■ A statement detailing the increase will cease to apply if Cash App receives
six consecutive required minimum payments on or before the payment due
date, beginning with the first payment due following the effective date of the
increase.
○ Cash App may offer workout opportunities or temporary hardship arrangements for
qualifying Consumers. Cash App may increase an APR, fee, or charge at the
completion of a workout or temporary hardship arrangement, or in the event, the
Consumer fails to comply with the terms of the arrangement. In doing so, Cash App
will:
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
20

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ Prior to the commencement of any arrangement, provide the Consumer a
clear and conspicuous written disclosure of the terms of the arrangement
that will include any potential increases due to completion or failure to
comply with the arrangement; and
■ Not apply any increase to any transactions that occurred prior to
commencement of the arrangement.
○ Over-the-limit Transactions
Cash App retains the right to assess a fee to Consumers for transactions that cause a
Consumer’s balance to exceed the credit limit. However, Cash App will assess a fee
for this activity only when:
■ A notice will be provided prior to the assessment of any fee or charge related
to over-the-limit activity;
■ The notice will be oral, written, or electronic and segregated from all other
information that provides a Consumer’s right to affirmatively consent or opt in
to Cash App’s ability to complete payment on an over-the-limit transaction;
■ A reasonable opportunity has been provided to the Consumer to affirmatively
consent or opt-in;
■ Affirmative consent, or opt-in, has been received from the Consumer; and
■ Cash App subsequently provides notice to the Consumer of the receipt of the
Consumer’s affirmative consent, either in writing or electronically if the
Consumer agrees.
Cash App intends to always use model notices, or notices substantially similar to
those included in Appendix G of Regulation Z, in order to comply with the specific
content requirements of 1026.56(e)(1) and 1026.56(e)(2). Cash App includes the notice
of the Consumer’s right to revoke consent on the front of any page included in the
periodic statement that reflects the assessment of an over-the-limit fee or charge. It
should be noted that a Consumer can elect to revoke their consent orally, in writing,
or electronically.
Additionally, Cash App may choose to complete a transaction that results in a
Consumer’s balance exceeding the credit limit despite the Consumer not providing
affirmative consent to the above. However, if this were to occur, Cash App will not
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
21

Confidential and Not for Distribution
impose a fee or charge for completing the transaction.
Cash App will not assess more than one over-the-limit fee on a Credit Card per
Billing Cycle, and will only do so if the credit limit was exceeded during the Billing
Cycle. If a transaction results in a balance over the credit limit, Cash App will not
assess a fee for more than three Billing Cycles where the Consumer has not reduced
the balance below the credit limit by the payment due date for either of the last two
Billing Cycles. Cash App will not impose an over-the-limit fee for a Billing Cycle if a
Consumer exceeds a credit limit solely because of fees or interest assessed to the
account during that Billing Cycle.
○ Reevaluation of Rate Increases
When Cash App increases the APR for any of its Credit Card accounts based on credit
risk, market conditions, or other factors, Cash App will evaluate the following factors
and determine if there should be a reduction to the APR on an applicable Consumer’s
account:
■ The factors on which the increase in an APR was originally based; or
■ The factors that Cash App currently considers when determining the APR
applicable to similar new Credit Card accounts.
Cash App will complete this evaluation at least once every six months after an
increase in the APR.
○ Credit and Charge Card Applications and Solicitations
All applications and solicitations for opening a Credit Card account with Cash App
will contain disclosures as required by Regulation Z in a tabular format. Cash App
intends to use the model form, or one substantially similar, as contained in Appendix
G-10 of Regulation Z. Cash App will disclose:
■ APR, including any variable rate information, the presence of a discounted
initial rate, premium rate, or penalty rate;
■ Fees imposed for the issuance or availability of the card to the Consumer;
■ Any fixed Finance Charge and brief description of the charge;
■ Transaction charges;
■ Grace period;
■ Balance computation method;
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
22

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ Cash advance fee;
■ Late payment fee;
■ Over-the-limit fee;
■ Balance transfer fee;
■ Returned-payment fee;
■ Required insurance, debt cancellation, or debt suspension coverage;
■ Available credit, only in the instance where any fees imposed for the issuance
or availability of the card, or if a security deposit is required, and those
charges represent 15 percent or more of the minimum credit limit on the card;
and
■ A reference to the web site established by the CFPB and a statement that
Consumers may obtain on the web site information about shopping for and
using Credit Cards.
Cash App will provide these disclosures electronically. Should Cash App provide an
application or solicitation that is available to the general public, these disclosures will
be provided to the extent possible.
● Closed-End Credit
○ General Disclosure Requirements
Cash App will make disclosures required pursuant to Regulation Z in writing, in a
form that the Consumer may keep. Cash App will provide the disclosures to the
Consumer in a reasonably understandable form. Cash App may provide the
disclosures to the Consumer in electronic form, subject to compliance with the
Consumer consent and other applicable provisions of the Electronic Signatures in
Global and National Commerce Act (E-Sign Act).
The disclosures will be grouped together, segregated from everything else, and will
not contain any information not directly related to the required disclosures.
Disclosures will be made before Consummation of the transaction.
○ Content of Disclosures
The disclosures will reflect the credit terms to which the parties will be legally bound
as of the outset of the credit transaction. Cash App will disclose the following
information as applicable:
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
23

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ Cash App’s identity;
■ The amount financed, using that term, and a brief description (such as “the
amount of credit provided to you or on your behalf”);
■ A separate written itemization of the amount financed (either proactively or
upon request);
■ The Finance Charge, using that term, and a brief description (such as “the
dollar amount the credit will cost you”);
■ Note, the Finance Charge will be treated as accurate if it is not more than $5
above or below the amount required to be disclosed in a transaction involving
an amount financed of $1,000 or less. In a transaction involving an amount
financed of more than $1,000, the disclosed Finance Charge will be treated as
accurate if it is not more than $10 above or below the amount required to be
disclosed.
■ The Annual Percentage Rate (“APR”), using that term, and a brief description
(such as “the cost of your credit as a yearly rate”);
■ Variable rate information, if applicable;
■ The payment schedule, which is to include the number, amounts, and timing
of payments scheduled to repay the obligation;
■ The total of payments, using that term, and a brief description (such as “the
amount you will have paid when you have made all scheduled payments”);
■ A disclosure of a demand feature;
■ Any prepayment penalties or rebates;
■ The late payment amount or percentage;
■ A description of any security interests;
■ The insurance conditions and debt cancellation fees for Finance Charge
exclusions;
■ A statement concerning certain security interest charges; and
■ A statement referring to the contract.
Cash App’s disclosures governed by Regulation Z will be guided by, and consistent
with, the model forms available in Appendix H to Regulation Z.
○ Treatment of Credit Balances
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
24

Confidential and Not for Distribution
When a credit balance in excess of $1 is created in connection with a transaction
(through transmittal of funds to a creditor in excess of the total balance due on an
account, through rebates of unearned Finance Charges or insurance premiums, or
through amounts otherwise owed to or held for the benefit of a Consumer), Cash App
will:
■ Credit the amount of the credit balance to the Consumer's account;
■ Refund any part of the remaining credit balance, upon the written request of
the Consumer; and
■ Make a good faith effort to refund to the Consumer by cash, check, or money
order, or credit to a deposit account of the Consumer, any part of the credit
balance remaining in the account for more than 6 months.
○ Determination of APR
Cash App will calculate the APR in accordance with either the actuarial method or
the United States Rule method. Explanations, equations, and instructions for
determining the APR in accordance with the actuarial method are set forth in
Appendix J of Regulation Z.
The disclosed APR will be considered accurate if it is not more than 1/8 of one
percent above or below the APR calculated under Regulation Z.
Regulation Z permits Finance Charge and APR accuracy tolerances for Closed-end
Credit.
○ Advertising
In an oral response to a Consumer’s inquiry about the cost of credit, Cash App will
only state the APR. However, Cash App may also state a simple annual rate or
Periodic Rate if it is applied to an unpaid balance. If the APR cannot be determined in
advance, Cash App will state the APR for a sample transaction, and may give other
cost information for the Consumer’s specific transaction.
Cash App requires all promotional and advertising materials to meet applicable
regulatory requirements. All promotional and advertising materials that
state-specific terms will state only those terms that actually are or will be arranged
or offered by Cash App. All required disclosures will be made clearly and
conspicuously.
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
25

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Any advertisements that state a rate of Finance Charge will state that rate as an APR,
using that term. If the APR may be increased after Consummation, the advertisement
will state that fact. The advertisement will not state any other rate, except that a
simple annual rate or Periodic Rate that is applied to an unpaid balance may be
stated in conjunction with the APR.
In the development and review of any promotional materials, Cash App requires
proper disclosures in marketing and advertising materials based on the following
trigger terms:
■ The amount or percentage of any down payment;
■ The number of payments or period of repayment;
■ The amount of any payment; and
■ The amount of any Finance Charge.
○ If any of the triggering terms are included in promotional materials, Cash App
requires the insertion of the following additional disclosures:
■ The amount or percentage of the down payment;
■ The terms of repayment, which reflect the repayment obligations over the full
term of the loan, including any balloon payment; and
■ The APR, using that term, and, if the rate may be increased after
Consummation, that fact.
A multiple-page advertisement or electronic advertisement (such as an
advertisement on an Internet website) that gives information in a table or schedule
complies with the disclosure requirements if the table or schedule of terms includes
all appropriate disclosures for a representative scale of amounts up to the level of the
more commonly sold higher-priced services offered.
A television or radio advertisement stating any of the trigger terms requiring
additional disclosures will clearly state either each additional disclosure or the
information required regarding APR and list a telephone number and reference for
Consumers to use to obtain additional cost information.
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
26

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
The Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee. will review and approve this Policy annually. In
addition, any modifications to this policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in
accordance with the Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval
Matrix.
6. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all Staff
Members commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Staff Members engaged in the activity or
performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training upon hire
and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are outlined in
Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to approve
exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not
violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that Cash App will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
27

Confidential and Not for Distribution
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
Cash App will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.’s document retention guidelines.
In addition, Cash App will retain all records documenting compliance with applicable Regulation Z
requirements for two years after the date of disclosure.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Global Complaint Policy
Related Program Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program Standard
Related References:
Regulation Name Truth In Lending Act or Regulation Z
11. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Maya Parekh Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Approv… Jan 13, 2025
Counsel
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chambe… Product Creation Initial creation of Jan 13, 2025
Compliance Lead policy
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
28

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Initial Appro… Initial approval of Jan 13, 2025
Compliance policy
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Initial Appro… Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
Corey Chambe… Product Material Cha… Addition of new Mar 14, 2025
Compliance Lead credit product
within policy
scope
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Compliance credit product
within policy
scope
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Committee Committee credit product
within policy
scope
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [United States]
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date Apr 1, 2025
Effective Date Apr 1, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually [January 2026]
Truth in Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
29