Electronic Funds Transfer
Act Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
U.S., Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Electronic Funds Transfer Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 4
3. Purpose 4
4. Scope 5
5. Policy Requirements 5
6. Roles and Responsibilities 5
7. Document Management 6
7.1 Document Owner 6
7.2 Review and Approval 7
8. Training 7
9. Monitoring and Reporting 7
10. Exceptions 7
11. Record Retention 8
12. Related Documentation or References 8
13. Revision and Approval History 8
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 8
13.2 Approval History 8
14. Document Details 9
Electronic Funds Transfer Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Electronic Fund Any transfer of funds that is initiated through an electronic terminal
Transfer (“EFT”) (point-of-sale), telephone, computer, magnetic tape, or any other
electronic means (such as Automated Clearing House (ACH)
transactions) for the purpose of ordering, instructing, or authorizing a
financial institution to debit or credit a consumer’s account. EFT does not
include fund transfers by check, draft, or similar paper instrument, or a
wire or similar transfer.
Pre-authorized EFT An EFT authorized in advance to recur at substantially regular intervals.
2. Introduction
This Electronic Fund Transfers Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Afterpay US, Inc’s
(“Afterpay”)commitment to comply with the Electronic Fund Transfers Act (“EFTA”). Cash App’s Head
of Compliance and/or their designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate the commitment of Afterpayto comply with EFTA, which
establishes the basic rights, liabilities, and responsibilities of consumers who use EFT and remittance
transfer services of financial institutions or other persons that offer these services. Afterpay does not
maintain a consumer account as defined by the EFTA and is not a financial institution, but does
process Preauthorized EFTs.
The EFTA and its implementing Regulation E (collectively, “Reg E”) establish the basic rights,
liabilities, and responsibilities of consumers who use EFT services and of financial institutions or
other persons that offer these services. The primary objective of the act and regulation is the
protection of individual consumers engaging in EFTs.
Electronic Funds Transfer Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay . This Policy is applicable to the Afterpay’sEmployees and sets
out the approach to EFTA compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay and
relevant personnel are aware of and comply with expectations regarding EFTA.
5. Policy Requirements
Afterpay will adhere to the below for Pre-Authorized EFTs, authorizations, notices, one-time
transactions, disclosures and related requirements.
● Preauthorized Transfers. Prior to processing pre-authorized recurring loan payments,
Afterpaywill obtain authorization, including a “signature,” from the consumer for autopay (i.e.,
preauthorized EFTs) and shall provide a copy to the consumer. Afterpay will not condition the
extension of credit upon the customer’s agreement to use recurring Pre-Authorized EFTs.
However, Afterpay may choose to offer reduced annual percentage rates or other cost-related
incentives to customers that elect a recurring pre-authorized payments option. Afterpay will
provide consumers with a confirmation of the authorized autopay terms (in accordance with
Afterapy’s E-Sign Policy). Afterpay will credit recurring pre-authorized loan payments as of the
day the payment is scheduled for. Customers will have the ability to opt out of autopay at any
time.
● Notice of Loan Payments Varying in Amount. If, during the life of the loan, a customer’s
recurring Pre-Authorized EFTs, or autopay, amount will vary from the previous transfer under the
same authorization from the pre-authorized amount, Afterpay will send the borrower written
notice of the amount and date of the transfer at least 10 days before the scheduled date of
transfer.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”)
Electronic Funds Transfer Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
Electronic Funds Transfer Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all
Employees commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Employees engaged in the activity
or performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training
upon hire and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in Block’s Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
Electronic Funds Transfer Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with the Block, Inc.’s document retention
guidelines. Additionally, in accordance with EFTA, Afterpaywill maintain electronic records accurately
reflecting the information contained in applicable contracts, notices, or disclosures, and will ensure
they remain accessible to all persons who are legally entitled to access for a period of at least two
years in a form that is capable of being reproduced.
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related References:
Regulation Name Electronic Funds Transfer Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Counsel
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
Electronic Funds Transfer Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Electronic Funds Transfer Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9