Fraud Risk Management Standard
Cash App | U.S.
Last Approved: Jan 12, 2026
Effective Date: Jan 12, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Fraud Risk Management Standard ("Standard"), established by
Cash App, U.S., a Line of Business under Block, Inc., outlines Cash App's strategy to detect,
prevent, deter, and report on individuals who attempt to defraud Cash App Customers, gain access
to Customer accounts, or move money using Cash App with fraudulent intent. The Consumer
Protection Compliance Program Lead and/or their designee is responsible for management of this
Standard.
This Fraud Risk Management Standard is established by Compliance. References to "staff
members" throughout this document shall refer to all employees or external workers (e.g.,
contingent labor, contractors) hired by Block, Inc. who supports the operations covered by this
Standard.
Cash App conducts business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, maintaining and
managing a combination of risk and compliance programs. The purpose of this Standard is to
define the Fraud Risk Management Program and outline Cash App's strategy to ensure it upholds
adequate risk and fraud mitigation strategies in line with industry expectations and relevant
regulatory obligations. The activities in support of this Standard are administered
cross-functionally and are designed to prevent and mitigate fraudulent activity on Cash App.
Scope: This Standard is established by Cash App and is applicable to the Cash App business in the
U.S. It defines the categories of fraudulent events, outlines the responsibilities of Staff to mitigate
fraudulent activities and remove perpetrators of fraud from Cash App.

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Account Takeover ("ATO") When a third party maliciously gains access to a Consumer's
account with the intention of using it for fraudulent purposes.
Chargebacks When a cardholder files a dispute with their card issuing bank
for a transaction funded by a linked debit or credit card.
Consumer Consumer refers to an individual who is a natural person who
obtains or has obtained a financial product or service that is to
be used primarily for personal, family or household purposes.
Customer Any individual, entity, or organization that has engaged in a
transaction, purchased goods or services, or interacted with
Block in a manner that establishes a direct relationship or
affiliation.
Denylisting The process by which Cash App accounts are closed after a
determination or suspicion of involvement in harmful, fraudulent
or illegal activity on Cash App.
Fraud Any intentional act to obtain access to a Consumer's funds by
deception, deceit, misrepresentation, or without authority.
Fraudster An individual who commits an intentional act to gain access to or
take Consumer funds without authority.
Inauthentic Identities A label applied when Cash App has a reasonable level of
knowledge that the underlying account holder is not the same as
the identity that was used to successfully pass the identity
verification process.
Know Your Customer ("KYC") A legal requirement designed to prevent and monitor for identity
theft, money laundering, terrorist financing, and other types of
illegal activity by identifying a Consumer and understanding the
purpose of the Consumer's account.

Terminology Definition
Machine Learning Model A machine learning model is a data transformation that has been
("MLM") trained to recognize certain types of behaviors. A model is
trained on a set of data, providing it an algorithm that it can use
to reason over and learn from. Fueled by data, machine learning
models are the mathematical engines of artificial intelligence.
Scam A dishonest scheme or activity designed to deceive individuals
by persuading them to make an authorized transaction sent
under false pretenses.
Scammer A type of Fraudster that specializes in perpetrating Scams.
Staff Members An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor,
contractors) hired by the Company who supports operations
covered by this Standard.
Synthetic Identity A fake identity that is used to create a new, untraceable identity
made up of various data points that do not correlate to a real
identity.
2. Standard Requirements
2.1 Consumer Education
Cash App believes that providing proactive education to Consumers about the risk of Fraud and
Scams, among other measures, is effective in helping to prevent fraud on Cash App. Cash App
provides education using a variety of communication methods and platforms on the most common
types of Fraud and Scams and informs Consumers about ways they can protect themselves and
keep their money safe. Consumer education is updated when necessary to ensure that the
information is current and relevant and includes emerging types of fraudulent activity.
2.2 Consumer Onboarding
Consumer Onboarding is a critical component of Cash App's Fraud Risk Management strategy as it
serves as the primary process for ensuring that Cash App knows who it is allowing to use its
platform and protects Consumers from having an account created as a result of identity theft.
Know Your Customer ("KYC") allows for the reasonable understanding of the types of transactions
a Consumer may engage in and the determination of when transactions may be suspicious and

need further investigation. Cash App's KYC Policy documents the core components that influence
Cash App's fraud risk management strategy which include:
● Customer Risk Rating ("CRR"): During account onboarding, as well as on an ongoing
basis, accounts receive a Customer Risk Rating, which allows for assessing the risks
associated with the Consumer, such as identifying those who may be at a higher risk for
perpetrating illegal and/or prohibited activity on Cash App.
● Customer Due Diligence ("CDD") and Enhanced Due Diligence ("EDD"): Cash App
performs ongoing CDD to understand the nature and purpose of the Customer relationship.
As part of this program, EDD is performed on certain higher risk accounts and Customers.
During CDD and EDD reviews, Compliance specialists conduct holistic reviews of accounts,
which includes reviewing the Customer's identity information (e.g. IDV information,
documents, source of funds / source of wealth, display names and $cashtag). As part of
these reviews, if there are indicators of fraudulent activity, specialists may denylist the
account, or escalate the account to the Financial Crimes team for further review.
● KYC Refresh: Cash App maintains a KYC refresh program which helps to ensure, using a
risk-based approach, that up-to-date Customer information is maintained on transacting,
active Cash App users.
Cash App also maintains an Identity Verification Standard, which outlines Cash App's strategy for
verifying Customer's identity through the Identity Verification ("IDV") process on Cash App. The
IDV process allows Cash App to maintain compliance with the KYC requirements under the Bank
Secrecy Act ("BSA") and its implementing regulations. It also serves as a process reasonably
designed to prevent Inauthentic Identities from engaging on Cash App. Core components
supporting Cash App's management of fraud on the platform include:
● Social Security Number ("SSN") Denylisting: Cash App maintains an SSN denylist, which
is an internal list of SSNs that are associated with accounts that have had certain illicit or
prohibited activity on Cash App. Once an SSN is added to the SSN denylist and is used
again during IDV, that account is automatically denylisted.
● Inauthentic/Stolen Identities: In addition to collecting and verifying identity information
electronically, and in some cases via documentation, Cash App maintains machine learning
models designed to detect inauthentic or stolen identities. These models may block IDV
attempts, suspend accounts, or escalate to manual review based on suspicion of fraud.
● Deceased Identities: To further prevent identity theft, as part of its IDV process, Cash App
automatically denylists accounts (along with their SSN in the event the vendor returns a
signal that the SSN is associated with a deceased individual.
● Transaction Limits: Cash App has a risk-based, graduated identity verification process.
When a Customer signs up for a Cash App account, they can send (or Cash App Pay) and
receive P2P at lower amounts prior to going through identity verification. Payments may
only be sent or withdrawn using a linked financial instrument from a U.S. depository
institution (i.e., can not send P2P from stored balance). If a Customer chooses to engage
more with Cash App, which includes access to other products and features, being able to
send money from stored balance and higher transaction limits, Customers are required to
successfully pass full IDV.
● Elder Abuse Reviews: To manage the risks associated with Elder Financial Exploitation,
Cash App maintains dedicated processes that focus on the proactively identifying
instances of fraud/exploitation of elders, and takes action accordingly. Cash App manually

reviews accounts where criteria entered in the IDV process meets defined thresholds. This
enhanced review process helps to ensure that Cash App is identifying, deterring and
escalating instances of elder abuse on the platform, inclusive of fraud and identity theft.
2.3 Transaction Mitigation Measures
Cash App maintains processes and controls designed to reduce the likelihood that Consumers are
involved in fraudulent activity. These processes and controls are based on signals associated with
an account, as well as the underlying activity within the account, such as prior Scam reports, links
to denylisted accounts, suspicious payment notes or abnormal Customer transaction activity. Cash
App employs mitigating actions to help disrupt fraudulent transactions as outlined below.
● Consumer Fraud Warning: If a transaction has potential signals related to a Scam, a
Consumer Fraud Warning for the sender will alert about the possibility of transferring funds
to a Scammer. The warning acts as a deterrent and helps to alert and prevent Consumers
from sending money for fraudulent purposes. The warning alerts the Consumer that if they
elect to proceed with the transaction that Cash App will not be able to provide a refund.
Transaction warnings are triggered by MLMs and not displayed on every transaction to
prevent unconscious click bias by the Consumer, which helps ensure that the warnings
remain effective in preventing Scams. Even if a Consumer chooses to proceed with a
transaction after receiving a fraud warning, MLMs may still risk-block the transaction (see
Real Time Transaction Blocking below). Additionally, for International Remittances, the
sender of the funds is alerted by a Consumer Fraud Warning the first time they use the
product and every time they send funds to a new recipient.
● Cash App Customer Profiles: If sending a payment to a recipient for the first time and the
recipient is not in the sender's contact book, Cash App prompts the sender to confirm they
want to add the account as a recipient and suggests the Consumer check the recipient's
profile before proceeding with the payment. This prompt encourages the sender to
consider if they are sending money to the correct recipient by showing the recipient profile,
which may include receiver's profile photo, when they joined Cash App and whether or not
they've been paid by people they know. The prompt also attempts to prevent misdirected
payments.
● Real Time Transaction Blocking: If Cash App has moderate to high confidence that a
transaction may be related to fraud, the payment may be risk-blocked by Cash App. Cash
App uses MLMs to flag potential Scam payments. The MLMs trigger warnings for
Consumers that encourage them to reconsider the payment in question before proceeding
and also auto-blocks payments that are highly suspected of being a Scam. If Cash App has
high confidence that the receiver of the transaction in question is a Scammer, Cash App
will suspend the receiver account until they are able to pass enhanced verification or will
denylist the receiver.
● Account Takeover ("ATO") Locks: An ATO event occurs when a Fraudster gains
unauthorized access to a Consumer's account, which may result in financial loss to the
Consumer (and to Cash App if the Consumer files for a dispute or Chargeback). ATO
events also may result in reputational risk if Consumers lose trust in Cash App's ability to
protect their account. An ATO Lock is an automated action executed by Cash App's Risk
ML systems, which prevents transactions from being sent from an account that is
suspected to be involved in an ATO event. The ATO Lock initiates a manual review of the

account, which can result in a variety of resolution measures such as removal of
suspicious devices and resetting of account attributes.
● Additional Security Features: Cash App has a security lock feature that requires Face ID,
Touch ID, or a Cash App PIN code (separate from the Consumer's device passcode) to
transfer funds and open the app. If a new device logs into an existing Cash App account for
the first time, Cash App notifies the Consumer via in-app messaging, text, and/or email.
The Consumer is prompted to review the log-in, and may revoke access to the device that
logged in.
● Product Controls: Cash App maintains bespoke controls for its individual products and
features, which are designed to detect and prevent fraud based on the risk vectors specific
to those use cases. These controls are identified by a cross-functional team across
product, risk and compliance. These controls include, but are not limited to:
○ Paper Money Deposits: Limitations on eligibility across accounts, limits on deposit
amounts, geolocation controls based on infeasible distance, device level controls to
prevent multiple deposits from the same device.
○ Check Deposits: MLMs designed and trained to identify fraudulent checks, manual
reviews based on fraud signals.
○ Cash App Card: MLMs designed to detect potentially fraudulent transactions,
which may trigger a notification to the Customer to confirm suspicious transactions.
○ Bitcoin Withdrawals: Integration with third party vendors to detect potential fraud,
real-time blocking of certain withdrawals suspected of fraud.
The above list of products and underlying controls is illustrative, and a full inventory of risk events
and controls are maintained by Cash App's Product Compliance team.
2.4 Consumer Scam Reports
Cash App seeks to make it as simple and easy as possible for CustomersConsumers to report
potential fraudulently-induced transactions. It provides multiple channels for a Consumer to reach
Cash App; reports can be made within the app or by contacting Cash App Support via phone or
in-app messaging. Receiving reports from Consumers helps Cash App update its processes and
controls to better detect and prevent future fraudulent activity.
2.5 Investigations
Cash App performs a systematic review of all Consumer reported instances of potential Scams
received by Cash App's automated MLM. This MLM triages the potential Scam reports and queues
those determined to be the highest probability of involving actual Scams for manual review. The
manual review that follows is a comprehensive investigation that uses defined criteria to confirm if
the Consumer is a victim of fraud and initiates the appropriate mitigating actions as a result of the
investigation.
In addition to the MLM used for Consumer reported Scams, there is a separate MLM used to
proactively identify recipients of P2P payments which exhibit signals of potential Scammers. Those
cases identified by the proactive Scam model are also determined to be the highest probability of

involving actual Scams and queued for review. There are three distinct teams involved in the
manual review and support of Scam investigations.
● Risk Operations: The Scam investigations process was established to promptly identify,
assess and mitigate fraudulent activities all while maintaining a high level of Consumer trust
and satisfaction. The Scams division of the Risk Operations team is responsible for the
manual review of all Scam reports and refers cases to Compliance Investigations aligned
with the Escalation criteria for evaluation of Suspicious Activity Report ("SAR") filing.
● Behavioral Insights Team ("BIT"): The BIT is a fraud analysis team supporting Cash App.
The team employs several strategies to support its mission which is to "increase trust by
reducing unhealthy behavior". BIT performs sampling reviews of the production models
that support the fraud mitigation process; BIT accomplishes its analysis through two types
of reviews:
○ Foundational reviews are those that are consistent and repeatable. These reviews
are consistent in their content, purpose and cadence. These reviews help to inform
decision-making and help to identify emerging fraud trends.
○ Ad Hoc reviews are those that are more time-bound and often are specifically
requested by a stakeholder. These reviews usually analyze emerging or unknown
behavior that may be identified by a stakeholder or in a foundational review where
new or unexplained trends are identified.
● Compliance Investigations: Transaction monitoring, a component of the Block, Inc.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing Program, is a vital component to
ensuring compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and the management of financial crime
related risk (including fraud). Potential suspicious activity and transactions are identified
using several methods and are queued for review by a transaction monitoring team.
Depending on the outcome of the review, accounts may receive a Suspicious Activity
Report ("SAR") Referral, and "fraud" is a cause type used to categorize the underlying
activity. The outcome of these investigations typically result in the denylisting of
Customers, along with unique account assets associated with the Customer and account
SSN, device, financial instrument, email address, phone number).
2.6 Denylisting
Denylisting is a process by which Cash App accounts are closed due to engaging in harmful,
fraudulent or illegal activity on the platform. The process of denylisting is performed by both the
Risk and the Compliance teams. A denylisted account is prevented from using Cash App's
products and features, with the exception of liquidating assets and withdrawing funds. Cash App
will provide notice to the Consumer that their account is linked to a Terms of Service violation and
has been closed. The Consumer will receive notification to withdraw funds in their account.
Cash App may also Denylist, as appropriate, other unique account assets such as social security
numbers, payment instruments, devices, phone numbers, and/or email alias that appear likely to be
involved in the perpetration of Scam related activities, or identified abuse of the reimbursement
policy by falsely reporting Scams to seek unwarranted reimbursements. Consumers found to be
engaging in Cash App dispute abuse are also subject to denylisting. Additional information on this
process can be found in the Cash App Compliance Customer Adverse Actions Policy.

2.7 Suspicious Activity Report ("SAR") Referrals
Cash App accounts identified as perpetrating fraudulent activity during the course of a Risk
Operations or BIT review will be referred to Compliance for review to determine whether a
suspicious activity report should be filed. Staff will refer to Compliance any case of suspected
fraudulent activity that involves $2,000 USD or more of transactional activity by a single
perpetrator (whether acting through one or multiple accounts) calculated by "Total Received GPV".
In addition to referrals, Compliance executes a distinct Transaction Monitoring program that may
result in an account review based on suspicion of fraudulent account activity.
2.8 Third Party Reporting
Cash App partners with various third parties to process transactions, including partner banks.
Contracts with these third parties may require reporting or notification under certain
circumstances. Cash App has established a process where a Material Fraud Event triggers third
party reporting obligations, as applicable, including documented root cause analysis with control
remediation plan inclusive of defined timelines and ownership. Cash Appʼs top priority is to contain
and mitigate material fraud events in a timely manner. For certain high-impact events, control
actions may be implemented proactively, ahead of third-party notification to minimize potential
impact.
A Material Fraud Event is any fraudulent activity that, regardless of financial impact, exposes a
deficiency in our existing control architecture requiring remediation through control enhancement,
replacement, or retirement. An event qualifies as material when it results in any of the following
control architecture changes:
● Control Addition: Implementing new preventive, detective, or corrective controls to address
identified gaps
● Control Replacement: Substituting ineffective controls with more robust alternatives
● Control Retirement: Removing controls proven ineffective or counterproductive based on
the fraud event analysis
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Consumer Protection Compliance Lead:
○ Consumer Protection Compliance Lead is responsible for:
■ Serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to this Standard,
■ Ensuring this Standard and its accompanying policies and procedures reflect
industry best practices and applicable regulatory guidance,
■ Ensuring regulatory risks are documented,

■ Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant stakeholders
including business partners,
■ Escalating matters related to the Fraud Risk Management Standard, as applicable,
Conducting periodic review(s) of the Standard, and
■ Delegating and overseeing documentation requirements, as needed.
● Compliance:
○ Provides oversight and guidance to Business Lines in implementing the requirements of
this Standard.
● Block, Inc., Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for:
■ Ensuring appropriate resources and support are available to implement this
Standard;
■ Serve as an escalation point for matters related to the Fraud Risk Management
Standard;
■ Ensuring that appropriate Staff Members are trained on Fraud and Scams, at least
annually commensurate with their roles and responsibilities;
■ As appropriate, the Head of Compliance may delegate the above responsibilities to
relevant Senior Management, the Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead
or Compliance Staff who inform and escalate key risks and Issues to the Head of
Compliance.
● Legal Counsel:
○ Provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding the applicability of the
requirements of this Standard and relevant legal obligations to the Company's business
and operational activities.
● Machine Learning & Data Science Team:
○ The Machine Learning & Data Science Team (“MLDSˮ) supports Cash App through two
functions: Machine Learning (“MLˮ) and Data Science. The Machine Learning group is
responsible for applying ML across most of the major work-streams at Cash App. This
group is composed of both Machine Learning Modelers (“MLMsˮ) and Machine
Learning Engineers (“MLEsˮ). Data Science helps product and business teams use data
to guide their roadmaps and inform strategic decisions, understand Customer behavior,
create curated datasets, and build standardized metrics and reporting for the areas of
the business they support.
● Senior Management:
○ Senior Management, which includes key members of Block's management team, is
responsible for supporting the Block, Inc. Chief Compliance Officer in delegated
day-to-day responsibilities such as:
■ Demonstrating clear and appropriate expectations about compliance, not only
within Block and its related entities but also to third-party service providers;
■ Maintaining effective internal controls and executing risk and control procedures on
a day-to-day basis;
■ Addressing compliance issues and associated risks of customer harm;
■ Implementing corrective actions to address process and control deficiencies;
■ Identifying and supporting execution of monitoring and testing plans, including the
review of results; and
■ Ensuring that recurring reports of compliance risks, issues, and resolution are
retained.

Members of Senior Management may also be compliance staff, reporting either directly or
indirectly to the Block Chief Compliance Officer.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Standard effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws
and regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request,
and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Cash
App and on a need-to-know basis.

4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block, Anti-Money Laundering & Countering The Financing of Terrorism Policy
● Cash App, Consumer Protection Program Standard
● Cash App, Know Your Customer Program Standard
● Cash App, Identity Verification Standard
● Compliance Training Program
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Brian Kollmeyer Consumer Initial Appr… Initial approval of September 22,
Protection the Fraud Risk 2024
Compliance Management
Program Lead Standard.
Jason Liberm… Interim Head of Initial Appr… Initial approval of September 22,
Compliance, the Fraud Risk 2024
Cash App Management
Standard.
Brian Kollmeyer Head of Scheduled … Annual review, January 12, 2026
Consumer change of owner
Protection to Fraud
Oversight
Program
Manager, added
sections 2.4 and
2.8, and removed
sections

Approver Title Type Description Date
addressed in the
Electronic Fund
Transfer Act
Reg E Policy
Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope U.S.
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Fraud Oversight Program Manager
Approved By Head of Consumer Protection
Document Tier Tier 3