Military Lending Act
Policy
Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product |
Block, Inc.
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Cash App’s U.S.
business operations and on a need-to-know basis.
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 6
3. Scope 6
4. Policy Requirements 6
4.1 Policy Statement 6
4.2 MLA Policy Requirements 6
5. Document Management 8
5.1 Document Owner 8
5.2 Review and Approval 8
6. Training 9
7. Monitoring and Reporting 9
8. Exceptions 9
9. Record Retention 9
10. Related Documentation or References 9
11. Revision and Approval History 10
12. Document Details 10
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Covered Borrower A consumer who, at the time the consumer becomes obligated on a consumer
credit transaction or establishes an account for consumer credit, is a Covered
Member of the armed forces or a Dependent of a Covered Member.
Credit Products Any of Cash App US’s lending products including (1) Borrow (2) Pre-Purchase
Financing (3) Retroactive Financing or (4) Cash App Afterpay Online Checkout,
unless otherwise noted.
Covered Member Covered members of the armed forces include members of the Army, Navy,
Marine Corps, Air Force, or Coast Guard currently serving on active duty under
a call or order that does not specify a period of 30 days or fewer, or such a
member serving on Active Guard and Reserve duty.
Dependent With respect to a Covered Member, a Dependent means the Covered Member's
spouse, children under the age of 21, children under the age of 23 and enrolled
in an accredited institution of higher learning who are dependent on the
Covered Member for over half of their support, or children of any age
incapable of self-support. Other relationships may qualify as Dependents, and
staff should consult compliance.
Active Service Also known as “active duty,” or “active status.” A person who is on active duty
in the military full-time for a period of greater than 30 days. They work for the
military full-time, may live on a military base, and can be deployed at any time.
Such term includes full-time training duty, annual training duty, and
attendance, while in active military service, at a school designated as a service
school by law or by the Secretary of Defense.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be responsible for
establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that Cash App
operations reflect Cash App’s commitment to compliance and that all Staff
Members are aware of that commitment and their individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and reporting on
compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of Compliance may delegate to
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and
reporting that support this Policy.
Product Compliance The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and is
Lead responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to
this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations, (iii)
ensuring regulatory risks are identified in documentation, (iv) providing and
communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including
business partners, (v) liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy
updates, (vi) conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating
and overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Staff Members Cash App’s Staff Members are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii) completing
any required compliance training in a timely manner, and (iii) promptly
reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements.
Lending Regulatory Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
Counsel regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Military Lending Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Cash App’s (“Cash App”) commitment to comply with the
Military Lending Act (“MLA”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their designee is responsible for the
management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to establish and define guidelines for Cash App to comply with all applicable
provisions of MLA. Cash App recognizes that MLA violations can present significant legal, reputational, and
compliance risk.
3. Scope
This Policy governs Cash App’s Credit Products in the United States and has been created to ensure that
Cash App and relevant personnel are aware of and comply with the expectations of MLA.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Policy Statement
The standards set out in this Policy represent minimum requirements based on applicable legal and
regulatory guidance and apply throughout Cash App’s lending operations. These requirements are intended
to prevent Cash App and its Staff Members from violating applicable provisions of the MLA.
4.2 MLA Policy Requirements
Military Annual Percentage Rate. All transactions covered by the MLA are subject to the Military Annual
Percentage Rate (“MAPR”). The MAPR is analogous to the Annual Percentage Rate (“APR”) as defined in
other consumer protection regulations in that both are calculated in the same manner. Still, the MAPR differs
from APR in that the MAPR calculation must include certain fees and charges regardless of whether other
regulations require those fees or charges to be included in the APR calculation. Specifically, the MAPR
calculation must include the following charges:
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Credit insurance premium or fees;
● Debt cancellation or debt suspension fees;
● Fees for ancillary products sold in connection with the credit transaction;
● Finance charges; and
● Application fees.
In accordance with the MAPR cap provided by the MLA, Cash App will not impose an MAPR greater than 36
percent on covered borrowers.
MLA Notice and Disclosure Requirements. Cash App will provide the appropriate notice and disclosures to
covered borrowers, including the following considerations:
● Disclosures will be made clearly and conspicuously in writing and in a form the covered borrower
may keep;
● Disclosures will contain a statement of the MAPR applicable to the extension of consumer credit;
● If the covered transaction disclosures are combined with other account disclosures, it will be
clear which disclosures are applicable to the covered borrower’s account, including those
disclosures related to the MAPR and the total dollar amount of all charges included in the MAPR,
and those disclosures required by other regulations;
● If oral disclosures are given, the MAPR, the payment obligation, and federal notice will be
provided orally before consummation;
● A toll-free number will be provided with or on the written disclosures that consumers may use to
obtain oral disclosure, and oral disclosures are provided when the covered borrower contacts
Cash App for that purpose; and
● For renewal or refinancing of covered transactions, new disclosures will be provided when the
transaction would be considered a new transaction that would require disclosure under other
regulations.
Prohibited Conduct. In accordance with MLA requirements, Cash App will not condition the extension of
consumer credit to a covered borrower by requiring:
● The covered borrower to waive their right to legal recourse under the Servicemembers Civil
Relief Act or any other state or federal law;
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● The use of a check or other method of access to a deposit, savings, or other financial account
maintained by the covered borrower, except that, in connection with a consumer credit
transaction with an MAPR consistent with the regulation, Cash App may, unless otherwise
prohibited by law:
○ Require electronic fund transfer for repayment;
○ Require a direct deposit of the covered borrower’s salary, as a condition of eligibility;
○ Take a security interest in funds deposited after extending credit in an account
established in connection with the transaction; or
○ The covered borrower to establish an allotment to repay the obligation.
Furthermore, Cash App will not prohibit the covered borrower from prepaying consumer credit and will not
charge the covered borrower a prepayment penalty fee for prepaying all or part of consumer credit. Cash
App will not renew, roll over, repay, refinance, or consolidate any transaction with a covered borrower unless
the transaction results in more favorable terms to the covered borrower. Cash App will not require a covered
borrower to submit to arbitration. Cash App may be subject to certain penalties if MLA is violated; including
in certain instances rendering the credit agreement void.
Identifying Covered Borrowers. It is Cash App’s policy to obtain safe harbor status by performing the
covered-borrower check with the safe harbor method as outlined in the regulation. Specifically, Cash App
will verify covered borrowers’ Active Service status via the U.S. Department of Defense’s Defense Manpower
Data Center prior to origination
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any
modifications to this Policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance
with the Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
6. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all Staff
Members commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Staff Members engaged in the activity or
performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training upon hire
and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are outlined in
Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to approve
exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not
violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that Cash App will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
Cash App will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.’s document retention guidelines.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Global Complaint Policy
Related Program Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program Standard
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Related References:
Regulation Name Military Lending Act
11. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Maya Parekh Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Approv… Jan 6, 2025
Counsel
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chambe… Product Creation Initial creation of Jan 10, 2025
Compliance Lead policy
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Initial Appro… Initial approval of Jan 13, 2025
Compliance policy
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Initial Appro… Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
Corey Chambe… Product Material Cha… Addition of new Mar 14, 2025
Compliance Lead credit product
within policy
scope
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Compliance credit product
within policy
scope
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Committee Committee credit product
within policy
scope
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [United States]
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date Apr 1, 2025
Effective Date Apr 1, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually [January 2026]
Military Lending Act Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
11