Fair Credit Reporting Act
Policy
Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product |
Block, Inc.
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Cash App’s U.S.
business operations and on a need-to-know basis.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 7
1. Introduction 9
2. Purpose 9
3. Scope 10
4. Policy Requirements 10
4.1 FCRA Requirements 10
5. Document Management 20
5.1 Document Owner 20
5.2 Review and Approval 20
6. Training 20
7. Monitoring and Reporting 20
8. Exceptions 20
9. Record Retention 21
10. Related Documentation or References 21
11. Revision and Approval History 21
12. Document Details 22
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Account For the purpose of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”), a continuing
relationship established by a person with a financial institution to obtain a
product or service for personal family, household, or business purposes. An
Account includes:
● An Extension of Credit, such as for the purchase of property or
services involving a deferred payment; and
● A deposit Account
Adverse Action A refusal to Extend Credit in substantially the amount or substantially the
terms requested in an application including if Cash App US makes a
counteroffer (to Extend Credit on less favorable terms) on a Credit Product and
the applicant uses or expressly accepts the Extension of Credit offered.
Actions taken in connection with certain default of delinquency activities are
excluded.
Consumer An individual who obtains, through a transaction, products, or services that are
used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, and also means the
legal representative of such an individual.
Consumer Any record about an individual, in paper, electronic, or other form, that is,
Information among other things, based on a Consumer Report and that Cash App US for a
business purpose, or a compilation of such records, but does not include a
record that does not identify an individual. Consumer Information includes
information from a Consumer Report obtained from an affiliate when the
Consumer does not opt out of sharing with affiliates. Consumer Information
does not include aggregate or blind data that does not identify a particular
individual.
Consumer Report Any written, oral, or other communication of information by a Consumer
Reporting Agency that bears on a Consumer’s creditworthiness, credit
standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, or mode of living that is used or expected to be used or
collected, in whole or in part, for the purpose of serving as a factor in
establishing the Consumer’s eligibility for any of the following:
● Credit or insurance to be used primarily for personal, family, or
household purposes;
● Employment purposes; or
● Any other purpose authorized under the FCRA.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
The term Consumer Report can include both information in or from credit
reports and other information used to determine eligibility for credit, including
information provided by an applicant in the application such as income,
employment, or assets. However, the term does not include any of the
following:
● Any report containing information solely about transactions or
experiences between the Consumer and the person making the report;
● Any communication of that transaction or experience information
among entities related by common ownership or affiliated by corporate
control (e.g., different institutions that are members of the same
holding company, or subsidiary companies of an insured institution);
● Communication of other information among persons related by
common ownership or affiliated by corporate control, if it is clearly and
conspicuously disclosed to the Consumer that the information may be
communicated among affiliates, the Consumer is given the opportunity
to opt-out of such sharing, and the Consumer does not opt-out.
Consumer Reporting Any person who, for monetary fees, dues, or on a cooperative nonprofit basis,
Agency regularly engages in whole or in part in the practice of assembling or
evaluating Consumer credit information or other information on Consumers for
the purpose of furnishing Consumer Reports to third parties, and who uses any
means or facility of interstate commerce for the purpose of preparing or
furnishing Consumer Reports. A lender that engages in those activities can fall
within the definition of a Consumer Reporting Agency.
Covered Account Either -
● An Account, primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, that
involves or is designed to permit multiple payments or transactions; or
● Any other Account for which there is a reasonably foreseeable risk to
customers or the safety and soundness of Cash App US from Identity
Theft, including financial, operational, compliance, reputation, or
litigation risks.
Credit Products Any of Cash App US’s lending products including (1) Borrow (2) Pre-Purchase
Financing (3) Retroactive Financing or (4) Cash App Afterpay Online Checkout,
unless otherwise noted.
Credit Score A numerical value or a categorization derived from a statistical tool or
modeling system used by a person who makes or arranges a loan to predict the
likelihood of certain credit behaviors, including default (and the numerical
value or the categorization derived from such analysis may also be referred to
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
as a “risk predictor” or “risk score”). The term does not include any mortgage
score or rating of an automated underwriting system that considers one or
more factors in addition to credit information, including the loan-to-value ratio,
the amount of downpayment, or the financial assets of a Consumer, or any
other elements of the underwriting process or underwriting decision.
Extended Alert An alert placed in the Consumer’s credit file after the Consumer submits a
request and appropriate proof of identity.
Extend Credit and The granting of credit in any form, including credit granted in addition to any
Extension of Credit existing credit or credit limit; an advance in an open-end credit plan; the
refinancing or other renewal of credit, including the issuance of a new credit
card in place of an expiring credit card or in substitution for an existing credit
card; the consolidation of two or more obligations; or the continuance of
existing credit without any special effort to collect at or after maturity (i.e., the
extension of the loan term).
Fraud Alert and A statement in the file of a Consumer that—
Active Duty Alert ● Notifies all prospective users of a Consumer Report relating to the
Consumer that the Consumer may be a victim of fraud (for Fraud
Alerts), including Identity Theft, or is an active duty military Consumer;
and
● Is presented in a manner that facilitates a clear and conspicuous view
of that statement by any person requesting such a Consumer Report.
Identity Theft A fraud committed or attempted using the identifying information of another
person without authority.
Medical Information Data, in any form, created or derived from a health care provider or a Consumer
that relates to an individual’s past, present, or future physical, mental, or
behavioral health. It includes their provision of and payment for health care.
The term does not include:
● A Consumer’s age or gender;
● A Consumer’s demographics, including address or email address;
● Information that does not specify a specific Consumer;
● Unsolicited Medical Information that falls under another exception.
Permissible Purpose A purpose for which a Consumer Reporting Agency may provide a Consumer
Report, and a user, such as Cash App US, may obtain and use the report. The
Permissible Purposes include:
● In response to a court order or federal grand jury subpoena;
● In accordance with the written instructions of the Consumer;
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● To a person, including Cash App US, which the agency has reason to
believe intends to use the report as information for any of the following
reasons:
○ In connection with a credit transaction involving the Consumer
(includes extending, reviewing, and collecting credit);
○ For employment purposes;
○ In connection with the underwriting of insurance involving the
Consumer;
○ In connection with a determination of the Consumer’s eligibility
for a license or other benefit granted by a governmental
instrumentality that is required by law to consider an
applicant’s financial responsibility;
○ As a potential investor or servicer, or current insurer, in
connection with a valuation of, or an assessment of the credit
or prepayment risks associated with, an existing credit
obligation;
○ Otherwise has a legitimate business need for the information
● In connection with a business transaction that the
Consumer initiates;
● To review an Account to determine whether the
Consumer continues to meet the terms of the Account;
or
○ Executive departments and agencies in connection with the
issuance of government-sponsored individually-billed travel
charge cards.
● In response to a request by the head of a State or local child support
enforcement agency (or authorized appointee) if the person certifies
various information to the Consumer Reporting Agency regarding the
need to obtain the report. (Generally, this particular purpose does not
impact a person, such as Cash App Lending, that is not a Consumer
Reporting Agency.)
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be responsible for
establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that Cash App
operations reflect Cash App’s commitment to compliance and that all
Employees are aware of that commitment and their individual responsibility.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and reporting on
compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of Compliance may delegate to
others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures, internal
controls, and reporting that support this Policy.
Product Compliance The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and is
Lead responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to
this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations, (iii)
ensuring regulatory risks are identified in documentation, (iv) providing and
communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including
business partners, (v) liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy
updates, (vi) conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating
and overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Staff Member Cash App US’s Staff Members are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii) completing
any required compliance training in a timely manner, and (iii) promptly
reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements.
Lending Regulatory Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
Counsel regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Cash App’s (“Cash App”) commitment to comply with the
Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”). Cash App is committed to ensuring that its business activities are conducted
in a manner that complies with all applicable requirements of FCRA. Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their
designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to establish and define guidelines for Cash App to comply with all applicable
provisions of FCRA.
FCRA applies to persons who obtain and use information about Consumers to determine the Consumer's
eligibility for products or services; share such information among affiliates; and furnish information to
Consumer Reporting agencies. It requires users to respond appropriately when there are “red flags” that
indicate possible Identity Theft and allows Consumers who have had their identities stolen to prevent further
damage to their credit record. It requires Cash App and Consumer Reporting agencies alike to adopt
reasonable procedures for handling Consumer credit and Medical Information in a manner that ensures
confidentiality and accuracy in the authorized sharing of Consumers’ personal information.
The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act (“FACTA” or “FACT Act”) of 2003 amended the FCRA and was
established to serve the following purposes:
● Enhance the ability of Consumers to combat Identity Theft;
● Increase the accuracy of Consumer Reports; and
● Allow Consumers to exercise greater control regarding the type and amount of marketing
solicitations Consumers receive.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
3. Scope
This Policy governs Cash App’s Credit Products within the United States and sets out the approach to FCRA
compliance where applicable. This Policy has been created to ensure that Cash App and relevant Staff Members
are aware of and comply with the expectations of FCRA.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 FCRA Requirements
Obtaining Consumer Reports.
FCRA requires any prospective user of a Consumer Report to have a legally Permissible Purpose to obtain a
report. Cash App obtains Consumer Reports during its application process. Cash App will request a Consumer
Report only for one of the following defined Permissible Purposes:
● The Consumer provides authorization in writing or electronically;
● The report will be used in connection with a credit transaction involving the Consumer and involving
the Extension of Credit to, or review or collection of an Account of the Consumer;
● The report will be used by a potential investor or servicer in connection with an assessment of the
credit risks associated with a credit obligation; or
● A prescreened solicitation in connection with any credit transaction that is not initiated by the
Consumer only if:
○ The Consumer authorizes the Consumer Reporting Agency to provide such a report; or
○ The transaction consists of a firm offer of credit and the Consumer has not opted out of
receiving such solicitations.
Credit Prescreening.
While not currently applicable, in the event Cash App elects to conduct prescreened solicitations, it will comply
with the requirements to offer an Extension of Credit credit to the Consumer and provide required “opt-out”
disclosures, as required under the FCRA. A firm offer of credit is an offer that will be honored if the Consumer
meets the specific criteria used to select the Consumer for the offer, except the offer may be conditioned on one
or both of the following:
● The Consumer meets any pre-established creditworthiness criteria based on the application, as long
as such other criteria are established in advance; and
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● The Consumer’s continued eligibility and application information can be verified after the Consumer
accepts the offer.
If Cash App conducts prescreened solicitations, it will maintain the criteria used for the solicitation (including the
criteria used to generate the prescreened report and any other criteria such as collateral requirements) on file as
required by the FCRA.
The FCRA requires a firm offer of credit to be accompanied by two notices, which are referred to as the short
notice and the long notice.
Fraud, Active Duty, and Extended Alerts.
Cash App will comply with FCRA requirements for taking additional measures to verify identity if the Consumer
Reports to a Consumer Reporting Agency that they were a victim of Identity Theft. A Consumer may place one of
these types of alerts in the Consumer Reports: Fraud alert, Active Duty Alert, or Extended Alert.
A Consumer’s identity must be verified if a Consumer Report includes an initial fraud or Active Duty Alert. Unless
other practices confirm a Consumer’s identity, Cash App will not establish an Extension of Credit in the name of
the Consumer. A Consumer must be contacted using the method specified by the Consumer in the alert.
Furnishing Information to Consumer Reporting Agencies.
Cash App does not currently furnish information to Consumer Reporting Agencies. In the event that Cash App
elects to furnish, Cash App will comply with applicable FCRA requirements.
Accuracy and Integrity.
Cash App will establish reasonable policies and procedures for implementing agency guidelines regarding the
accuracy and integrity of the information about Consumers it furnishes to Consumer Reporting agencies.
Duty to Provide Accurate Information.
Cash App does not currently furnish information to Consumer Reporting Agencies. In the event that Cash App
elects to report, Cash App will comply with applicable FCRA requirements outlined below:
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Provide accurate information to Consumer Reporting agencies by providing an address for
Consumers to notify Cash App that information it has reported is inaccurate, and then not reporting
information if the Consumer notifies Cash App, at the specified address, that the information is
inaccurate;
● To the extent that Cash App does not provide such an address, it will avoid furnishing information if it
knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate;
● Provide corrections or additional information to Consumer Reporting agencies when Cash App
determines that information is not complete or accurate;
● Notify the Consumer Reporting Agency of any dispute the Consumer has about the completeness or
accuracy of any information Cash App furnishes to a Consumer Reporting Agency;
● Notify the Consumer Reporting Agency that the Consumer voluntarily closed an Account in the
preceding reporting cycle;
● Notify the Consumer Reporting Agency of the date that an Account became delinquent if it was
placed for collection, charged off, or subjected to any similar action.
Duties After Notice of Dispute (Direct or Indirect).
Cash App does not currently report information to Consumer Reporting Agencies. In the event that Cash App
elects to report, Cash App will comply with applicable FCRA requirements outlined below:
● Customers may submit a notice of dispute regarding the accuracy or completeness of information on
their Consumer Report either to the Consumer Reporting Agency, referred to as indirect disputes, or
directly to Cash App, referred to as direct disputes. Cash App requires the notice to contain enough
information to identify the pertinent Account, information the customer is disputing, a brief
explanation as to the basis of the dispute, and any supporting documentation to substantiate the
dispute.
If Cash App receives a notice of dispute from a Consumer Reporting Agency, or directly from the Consumer,
about the accuracy or completeness of any information Cash App provided to a Consumer Reporting Agency,
Cash App will:
● Investigate the dispute;
● Review all relevant information the Consumer Reporting Agency provided along with the notice;
● Report the results of the investigation to the Consumer Reporting Agency and to any other
nationwide Consumer Reporting agencies to which it previously provided the information;
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● If the information is inaccurate, modify or delete the information in its own records, or
permanently block the reporting of the information.
The investigation must be completed and Cash App must report the results within 30 days after the
Consumer Reporting Agency or Cash App received the notice of the dispute. This deadline may be extended
by 15 days if the Consumer Reporting Agency or Cash App received additional relevant information from the
Consumer.
Under the FCRA, Cash App is not required to investigate any disputes Cash App determines to be frivolous or
irrelevant. Upon the determination that a dispute is frivolous or irrelevant, a notice of determination letter will
be sent to the customer within five business days. This letter will include the reasoning for why the dispute
was found to be frivolous or irrelevant and any information required by Cash App to investigate the disputed
information.
Other Furnisher Requirements.
When furnishing to Consumer Reporting agencies, Cash App will:
● Establish and follow reasonable procedures to ensure that it does not report information to a
Consumer Reporting Agency after it has been told that the information may be the result of
Identity Theft;
● Avoid selling or transferring debt caused by an alleged Identity Theft;
● Provide Consumers with notice either before it furnishes negative information to a nationwide
Consumer Reporting Agency, or within 30 days after furnishing the negative information.
Limits on Using Medical Information.
The FCRA prohibits covered entities from obtaining and using Medical Information in connection with a
Consumer’s eligibility, or continuing eligibility, for credit. Cash App will use Medical Information only in the
following manners:
● Making credit eligibility determinations, such as information relating to debts, expenses, income,
benefits, assets, collateral, or the purpose or use of the loan;
● The Medical Information is used in a no less favorable manner; and
● The Consumer’s physical, mental, or behavioral health, condition or history, type of treatment, or
prognosis are not used in determining credit eligibility.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Sharing and Using Information with Affiliate and Nonaffiliate Companies.
The FCRA restricts Cash App’s affiliates from using a Consumer’s eligibility or information related to their
credit qualifications to make a solicitation for marketing purposes, unless:
● The Consumer is notified that the information may be used for such purposes;
● The Consumer is given an opportunity to prohibit such use; and
● The Consumer does not opt-out of such sharing practices.
Cash App does not currently share information with affiliate or nonaffiliate companies. In the event that Cash
App elects to share information, Cash App will ensure that any sharing of information complies with
applicable FCRA requirements. Any affiliates of Cash App using shared information making solicitations for
marketing purposes are required to provide Consumers with the required notification and opt-out
mechanism. It should be noted that Cash App does not currently share this information, as reflected on the
GLBA Privacy Notice.
Disclosure of Adverse Action.
Cash App will comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (“ECOA”) and FCRA requirements to provide a
notice to Consumers when it uses Consumer Information from a credit reporting agency or other third-party
sources and takes Adverse Action based on that information. When Cash App uses information from a
Consumer Reporting Agency, in any manner, to generate an Adverse Action, it will inform the applicant in
writing. The Adverse Action notice will include:
● A statement of the Adverse Action;
● The name, address, and toll-free number of the Consumer Reporting Agency that provided the
Consumer Report;
● A statement indicating the Consumer Reporting Agency did not make the credit decision and
does not have any information regarding the credit decision;
● A statement noting the Consumer has the right to a free report for 60 days;
● A statement noting the Consumer has a right to dispute information in their Consumer Report
with the Consumer Reporting Agency;
● If applicable, information about any Credit Score used in making the credit decision;
● A statement regarding the Credit Score information if a Credit Score was used in any manner in
making the credit decisions, which includes:
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ A statement that a Credit Score is a number that takes into Account information in a
Consumer Report, the Consumer’s Credit Score was used in taking the Adverse Action,
and that a Credit Score can change over time to reflect changes in the Consumer’s credit
history;
○ The Credit Score used in generating the decision;
○ The range of possible Credit Scores under the model used to generate the Credit Score;
○ All of the key factors that adversely affected the Credit Score, but no greater than four
factors, except when one of the key factors is the number of inquiries made with respect
to the Consumer Report, the number of key factors will not exceed five;
○ The date on which the Credit Score was created; and
○ The Consumer’s name;
● If information from a third party, other than a Consumer Reporting Agency, is used in any manner
to generate an Adverse Action, the notice will provide the Consumer a disclosure detailing the
Consumer’s right to make a written request within sixty days for the nature of the information
that led to the Adverse Action. Cash App will comply with any such request upon receipt; and
● If information from an affiliate is used in any manner to generate an Adverse Action, the notice
will provide the Consumer a disclosure detailing the Consumer’s right to make a written request
within 60 days for the nature of the information that led to the Adverse Action. Cash App will
comply with any such request upon receipt.
In connection with Consumer loan applications, Adverse Action will typically be required under requirements
from both the FCRA and the ECOA. All Adverse Action notices will be delivered within the time frame
specified within ECOA, as the FCRA does not contain timing requirements for the delivery of an Adverse
Action notice.
● Adverse Action Compliance Safe Harbor. It is important to note that Cash App should not be held
liable for any violation of this section if Cash App shows by a preponderance of the evidence that
at the time of the alleged violation Cash App maintained reasonable procedures to assure
compliance with the provisions of this section.
● Credit Score Disclosure Notice. Under the FCRA, Cash App must provide a risk-based pricing
notice to Consumers when the Consumer, based on information in his/her Consumer Report,
receives terms that are materially less favorable than the terms offered to other Consumers, with
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
certain exceptions. Where Cash App performs risk-based pricing, it will provide a Credit Score
disclosure notice (“CSDN”) to all applicants in lieu of a risk-based pricing notice. Cash App will
provide the CSDN to all applicants at or before consummation of the loan.
● Joint Users. Cash App may share Consumer Report information if Cash App is jointly involved in
the decision to approve a Consumer's request for a product or service, provided that each has a
proper Permissible Purpose to obtain a Consumer Report on the individual.
● Proper Disposal of Consumer Information. Cash App maintains or otherwise possesses Consumer
Information for a business purpose. That said, Cash App must properly dispose of such
information by taking reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of
the information in connection with its disposal.
Identity Theft.
In order to mitigate Identity Theft, Cash App must establish an identity theft program that will (1) Receive
initial approval from either the Board of Directors or an appropriate governing committee; (2) Involve a
designated Employee in the oversight, development, implementation and administration of the identity theft
program; (3) Train Employees, as necessary, to effectively implement the identity theft program; and (4)
Exercise appropriate and effective oversight of service provider arrangements. It is important to note that
Cash App must periodically conduct a risk assessment to determine whether it offers or maintains covered
Accounts that would be subject to the identity theft program’s oversight.
An adequate identity theft program ensures that relevant Identity Theft red flags are identified, detected,
appropriately responded to, and periodic reviews are conducted such that changing risks and/or market
conditions are appropriately accounted for. Cash App maintains a Fraud Risk Management Standard that
outlines its approach to identity theft.
As previously noted, the FCRA establishes three types of alerts that may be included in a Consumer Report
that indicates the Consumer may be a victim of fraud, including Identity Theft. These alerts include:
● Initial Fraud Alert;
● Active duty alert; and
● Extended Fraud Alert
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Where applicable, Cash App has opted to include the five categories noted below that the Federal Trade
Commission (“FTC”) has identified as part of its efforts to identify relevant Identity Theft red flags and
mitigate Identity Theft of its customers:
● Alerts, notifications, or warnings from a CRA, which includes fraud or credit alerts, credit freezes,
address discrepancies, and/or pattern of activity inconsistent with the history and usual Account
activity of the customer (this category encompasses the three types of alerts noted above);
● Suspicious documents, such as altered or forged documents or identification;
● Suspicious personal identifying information, such as social security number provided during
application matches the social security number of other applicants;
● Suspicious Account activity; or
● Notices from customers, victims of Identity Theft, law enforcement authorities, or other persons
regarding possible Identity Theft in connection with Accounts held by Cash App.
Detection of Red Flags.
Cash App is to address the detection of red flags in connection with the opening of new Accounts and
existing Accounts by:
● Obtaining identifying information about, and verifying the identity of, a person opening an
Account; and,
● Authenticating customers, monitoring transactions, and verifying the validity of change of
address requests, in the case of existing Accounts.
Mitigation of Identity Theft.
Cash App is to provide responses to detect red flags commensurate with the degree of risk posed. In
determining an appropriate response, Cash App is to consider factors that may heighten the risk of Identity
Theft, such as a data security incident, or notice that a customer has provided verified fraudulent
information. Cash App may incorporate, as appropriate, its existing policies, procedures, and other
arrangements that reasonably control foreseeable risks to customers or to the safety and soundness of Cash
App from Identity Theft. Appropriate responses may include:
● Monitoring an Account for evidence of Identity Theft;
● Contacting the customer;
● Not opening a new Account;
● Closing an existing Account;
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
17

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Notifying law enforcement;
● Filing a Questionable or Suspicious Activity Report in accordance with applicable law and
regulation; or,
● Determining that no response is warranted under the particular circumstance.
Alerts, Notifications, or Warnings from a Consumer Reporting Agency.
Cash App is to consider applicable alerts, notifications, and warnings that may indicate Identity Theft, such
as a Fraud Alert or Active Duty Alert included in a Consumer Report. Generally, Cash App is not to extend an
offer in the case of an alert or notification indicating the possibility of Identity Theft.
Potentially Suspicious Activity & Documentation.
Cash App should consider indicators of suspicious documents provided by potential customers. Indicators of
suspicious documentation may include, but are not limited to:
● Potentially altered or forged documents;
● Inconsistent photograph or physical description;
● Inconsistent information related to financial institutions or creditors;
● Suspicious personal identifying information or,
● Other information that is inconsistent with previously provided information.
Cash App should consider indicators of suspicious activity related to customers. Suspicious activity may
include:
● A new credit Account is used in a manner commonly associated with known patterns of fraud; or,
● A covered Account is used in a manner that is not consistent with established patterns of activity
on the Account. For example:
○ Nonpayment when there is no history of late or missed payments;
○ A material increase in the use of available credit;
○ A material change in purchasing or spending patterns;
○ A material change in electronic fund transfer patterns in connection with a deposit
Account
● A covered Account that has been inactive for a reasonably lengthy period of time is used (taking
into consideration the type of Account, the expected pattern of usage, and other relevant
factors); or,
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
18

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Cash App is notified of unauthorized charges or transactions in connection with a customer's
covered Account.
Cash App intends to maintain compliance with all applicable red flag guidelines, including the alerts
identified above, by adopting and maintaining procedures to ensure compliance. Cash App will:
● Maintain the right to decline to provide the information requested by an alleged victim of Identity
Theft based on provisions established in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act;
● Provide a copy of the application and any business transaction records available, free of charge,
upon receipt of a written claim of Identity Theft that resulted in a fraudulent transaction, provided
Cash App can confirm the victim’s allegation(s) are true after the Identity Theft victim:
○ Provides proof of positive identification in the form of a government-issued identification
card;
○ Provides proof of the Identity Theft claim in the form of an Identity Theft affidavit and a
copy of a police report; and
● Not sell, transfer, or place in collection a debt that has resulted from Identity Theft.
○ If Cash App engages a third-party debt collector in order to perform collection activities
on Consumers who are victims of Identity Theft, in its own name, on behalf of Cash App,
Cash App must ensure that the third-party debt collector notifies Consumers that the
information may be fraudulent or the result of Identity Theft.
● Given Cash App may be considered a Card Issuer, as defined by 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(1), Cash App
has implemented reasonable policies and procedures to assess the validity of a change of
address if it receives notification of a change of address for a Consumer's Account and, within a
short period of time afterwards (during at least the first 30 days after it receives such
notification), Cash App receives a request for an additional or replacement card for the same
Account.
Account Takeover (ATO).
Account takeover occurs when a fraudster has gained access to the customer’s account, allowing the
fraudster to make unauthorized transactions from their own device. This means that any activity initiated
by the fraudster’s device will reflect on the customer's account and device. An example of unauthorized
activity is applying for a loan from someone else's account with no intention of repaying it. When a
customer alleges ATO, Cash App will take the necessary steps to (1) correctly identify the ATO victim (2)
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
19

Confidential and Not for Distribution
identify any unauthorized transactions and (3) take the necessary precautions to ensure that the
fraudulent activity does not continue.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
Cash App’s Head of Compliance will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to
this policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the Ad-Hoc
Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all Employees
commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Employees engaged in the activity or performing
services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training upon hire and
periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are outlined in
Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to approve
exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not
violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that Cash App will implement to mitigate risks associated
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
20

Confidential and Not for Distribution
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to Block’s Inc.’s
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Standard Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program Standard
Related Standard Cash App US Fraud Risk Management Standard
Related References:
Regulation Name Fair Credit Reporting Act
Regulation Name Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003
11. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Nicole Clarke Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Approved Jan 10, 2025
Counsel
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamber… Product Creation Initial creation of Jan 10, 2025
Compliance Lead policy
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
21

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Initial Approval Initial approval of Jan 13, 2025
Compliance policy
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Initial Approval Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
Corey Chamber… Product Material Cha… Addition of new Mar 14, 2025
Compliance Lead credit product
within policy scope
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Compliance credit product
within policy scope
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Committee Committee credit product
within policy scope
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [United States]
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date Apr 1, 2025
Effective Date Apr 1, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually [January 2026]
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product | Block, Inc.
22