Responsible Managers Standard
Square | Square AU Pty Ltd
Last Approved: Dec 18, 2025
Effective Date: Dec 18, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Square AU Pty Ltd (“Square AUˮ) is an Australian Financial Services
License AFSL holder License Number: 513929. This Responsible Managers Standard (“Standardˮ)
outlines Square AUʼs approach to managing Responsible Managers. The CCO Square AU is
responsible for the management of this Standard.
The Responsible Managers Standard for Square AU Pty Limited outlines the policies, processes, and
practices established to maintain and enhance the competency of Responsible Managers RMs under
the Australian Financial Services Licence AFSL. This document is designed to ensure that Square
AU's RMs meet and sustain the educational, experiential, and ethical standards set by ASIC Regulatory
Guide 105 RG 105, which governs the organisational competency obligations for financial services
providers in Australia.
Square conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this
Standard is to establish a comprehensive framework for the nomination, training, and continuous
development of Responsible Managers at Square AU with an objective of ensuring the following:
● Competency Maintenance: Square AUʼs RMs possess and continually enhance the necessary
skills, knowledge, and experience to meet regulatory and operational requirements.
● Compliance with RG 105 Compliance with ASICʼs RG 105 organisational competence
requirements, providing for Square AUʼs capability to provide financial services as outlined in
its AFSL.
● Clear Governance: Defined roles and responsibilities for the Board, Training Officer, RMs, and
Compliance Team, supporting a cohesive approach to training and compliance oversight.
This Standard serves as a guide to provide all relevant personnel understand their obligations and are
equipped to perform their roles effectively in line with regulatory expectations.
Scope: This Standard is established by Square and is applicable to relevant employees of Square AU
and sets out the approach to training of responsible managers.

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Responsible A person identified by the AFSL holder as responsible for overseeing
Manager (“RMˮ) specific financial services provided by the organisation. Responsible
Managers are subject to compliance and competency standards as defined
by Australian Securities and Investment Commission (“ASICˮ) and are
accountable for ensuring the organisationʼs adherence to regulatory
obligations.
Organisational The standard of skills, knowledge, and experience required by an AFS
Competence licensee to provide the financial services specified in their licence. This is
achieved through the appointment of qualified Responsible Managers.
Regulatory Guide An ASIC guide detailing the obligations and requirements for AFS licensees
105 RG 105 to demonstrate organisational competence, primarily by appointing suitably
qualified Responsible Managers.
Australian A license issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission
Financial Services (“ASICˮ) that allows an entity to conduct financial services business in
Licence (“AFSˮ Australia. Holders of an AFSL are required to meet specific legal and
Licence) regulatory obligations under the Corporations Act 2001.
Key Person A requirement that certain individuals RMs named in an AFS licence
Condition application or approval process are necessary for the licence to remain
active. Any change in key personnel requires ASIC notification.
Financial Services Legislation and regulations governing the provision of financial services in
Laws Australia, primarily under the Corporations Act 2001. These laws include
requirements for AFSL holders and their representatives to act in the best
interests of clients, maintain competency, and ensure compliance.
Training and ASIC requirements for the education, training, and experience RMs need to
Competency demonstrate. These include qualifications in finance, experience in the
Standards relevant financial services, and often, ongoing professional development.
Risk Management Identification, analysis, and mitigation of risks in financial services activities.
RMs play a central role in ensuring that adequate risk management
processes are in place.
ASIC Notification Obligations for RMs and AFS licensees to inform ASIC of significant
Requirements changes, such as changes in key personnel or new business activities
under the licence.

2. Standard Requirements
2.1. Responsible Managers
The Board of Square AU must nominate and appoint Responsible Managers on whom it will depend for
its organisational competency. In doing so, the Board of Square AU must have regard to the nature, scale
and complexity of its business.
The Board of Square AU should only nominate and appoint those people who are: most responsible for
the provision of services provided by Square AU under the AFSL; and are directly responsible for
day-to-day business decisions about the ongoing provision of services by Square AU (including its
compliance arrangements).
Fit and Proper
A Fit and Proper person is an individual who possesses the competence, character, integrity, and
judgment necessary to perform the duties of a Responsible Manager RM under an Australian Financial
Services Licence AFSL in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 Cth and ASICʼs regulatory
expectations.
Being fit and proper means that the individual has demonstrated:
● Honesty, integrity and reputation
● Competence and Capability
● Financial Soundness
● Sound judgement and accountability
Suitability of an individual based on the above characteristics can be determined by way of
background screening and assessment as detailed in the following section.
2.2 Initial assessment
Before Square AU engages a person to become a Responsible Manager, Square AU must obtain or be
provided with:
● a copy of the personʼs resume with details of relevant expertise, training and experience,
knowledge and skills; and
● a correct copy of the personʼs educational qualifications; and
● Background screening including but not limited to:

○ Criminal History - only if the last check was longer than 12 months ago
○ Global Sanctions, Adverse Media, AML Anti Money Laundering) and PEP Politically
Exposed Persons)
○ ASIC Authorised Representative Register
○ ASIC Banned & Disqualified Register
○ APRA Disqualification
○ Bankruptcy Register Search
○ Civil Litigation Search
In considering whether there is any reason to believe a person is not of good fame and character, as
required by an RM, Square AU must also have regard to:
● any conviction of the person, within 10 years before the application was made, for serious
fraud;
● whether the person has previously held an Australian financial service licence that was
suspended or cancelled; and
● whether a banning order or disqualification order under the Corporations Act 2001 has
previously been made against the person.
2.3 Education and experience requirements
In accordance with RG 105, Square AU must ensure that its Responsible Managers collectively
demonstrate the appropriate knowledge, skills, and experience to maintain the organisationʼs
competence under its AFSL. The combined competency of the Responsible Managers must reflect the
nature, scale, and complexity of the financial services provided by Square AU. Each Responsible
Manager must possess relevant qualifications and experience in their area of oversight, supported by
ongoing professional development to ensure knowledge remains current and aligned with regulatory
expectations.
ASIC considers that there will normally be a number of options open to a licensee to ensure its
Responsible Managers have the education and experience needed for their roles. In summary, the
alternatives for the requisite knowledge requirements are outlined below:
Option Knowledge component Skills component
(qualifications, training, etc.)
(experience)

Option 1 Meet widely adopted and 3 years relevant experience
(see ASIC RG 10555RG relevant industry standards or over past 5 years
105.57 relevant standards set by
Australian Prudential
Regulatory Authority (“APRAˮ)
Option 2 Be individually assessed by an 5 years relevant experience
(see ASIC RG 105.58RG authorised assessor as having over past 8 years
105.60 relevant knowledge equivalent
to a diploma
Option 3 Hold a university degree in a 3 years relevant experience
(see ASIC RG 105.61RG relevant discipline and over past 5 years
105.65 complete a relevant short
industry course
Option 4 Hold a relevant industry- or 3 years relevant experience
(see ASIC RG 105.66RG product-specific qualification over past 5 years
105.70 equivalent to a diploma or
higher
Option 5 If not relying on Options 14, the Responsible Manager must
(see ASIC RG 105.71RG have appropriate knowledge and skills for their role. See ASIC
105.74 RG 105.74 for more information.
It should be noted that, while foreign qualifications will be relevant, they will almost certainly not have
addressed Australian regulatory requirements or features of the financial services industry peculiar to
Australia (such as taxation, superannuation and other retirement savings vehicles). To remedy this, ASIC
will generally expect Responsible Managers of AFS licensees that wish to provide financial product
advice based on foreign qualifications to undertake an approved short industry course to become
familiar with Australian requirements.
2.4 Nomination and appointment
As at the date of the most recent review of this Standard, the Board has approved and appointed the
following persons as Responsible Managers:
● Catherine Katie Cover
● Lance Robert Howard
Any removal of RMs or nomination of new RMs will be promptly recorded with ASIC in accordance with
RG 105.

2.5 Training
Training for all Responsible Managers will be developed and conducted:
● Before Square AU offers a regulated product; and
● within 3 months after engagement of a new Responsible Manager.
Training will be designed to ensure that each Responsible Manager is familiar with:
● the obligations of Square AU under its AFSL;
● the obligations of Square AU under the financial services law;
● the application of ASIC policy on the operation of the business of Square AU under its AFSL;
● all operational systems and manuals of Square AU relevant to the Responsible Managerʼs role;
and
● the requirements and operation of the Square AUʼs Compliance Manual.
The training may consist of any or all of the following:
● internal training sessions;
● attendance at external conferences;
● undertaking of external accredited courses;
● professional educational activities as organised by professional bodies; and
● provision of relevant journals and updates.
The main objective of each component of a Responsible Managerʼs training and development program is
to improve each personʼs ability to conduct their duties and carry out their role within Square AU in the
conduct of its financial services activities under its AFSL.
The annual training program of the Responsible Manager must include topics that are pertinent to the
licence and will assist responsible managers in their duties.
Each Responsible Manager, or another designated person as agreed, must ensure that attendance at
internal and external training sessions is appropriately recorded and reported.
The method for recording and reporting training participation should be determined based on existing
governance and reporting practices, such as through learning management systems, management

reports, or other approved mechanisms, and maintained in a manner that supports transparency and
oversight by senior management and the Board.
2.6 Ongoing assessment of Suitability
Square AU must ensure that a periodic check is made as to the suitability of each Responsible Manager.
Each Responsible Manager must complete a declaration as to his or her continued good fame and
character, in addition to re-screening in line with the requirements outlined in section 2.2, at least every 24
months. This must include at a minimum, the declarations covered in the Statement of Personal
Information to support an application for an AFSL. Should an RM become aware of any circumstances that
may lead to a change in suitability or eligibility status, they must notify the Square AU CCO or follow the
Block Inc Speak Up process (go/speakup) or follow the process as outlined in the Employee Code of
Conduct.
Additional information with regards to ongoing suitability is outlined in the Square AU Responsible
Manager and Director Due Diligence Standard.
2.7 Monitoring
Additional monitoring of the ongoing suitability of RMs occurs in the following measures:
● Annual AFSL Compliance Program review and report to the Square AU Board, in which RMs
and their suitability are reviewed, including but not limited to training and CPD undertaken;
● RMs and their fit and proper status is assessed on a biennial basis in accordance with the
Square AU Responsible Manager and Director Due Diligence Standard;
● The key monitoring areas are:
○ RM competency and collective capability
○ RM fit and proper status
○ Training program delivery and participation
○ Governance and Board oversight

2.8 Replacement of an RM
When a RM ceases to act in their role, whether through resignation, internal transfer, or termination,
Square AU must ensure continuity of organisational competence under its AFSL.
The departing RM must notify the CCO immediately. The CCO, in consultation with the Board, will assess
whether the departure creates a competency gap under ASIC RG 105 and determine any interim coverage
required.
Square AU must lodge a notification with ASIC within ten 10 business days of the RMʼs cessation,
outlining the effective date and reason for the change. The removal and related actions must be recorded
in Board minutes, and all supporting documentation retained in accordance with the Record Retention
Policy.
When appointing a replacement RM, the CCO must conduct a competency gap assessment to identify the
skills and experience required to maintain compliance with RG 105. The proposed RM must complete the
full fit and proper assessment process in accordance with section 2.2 of this Standard.
The Board must approve all new RM appointments prior to ASIC notification. All appointments, removals,
and related assessments must be reported to the Board and recorded in the training register and
compliance reporting.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Board of Directors of Square AU Pty Ltd (“Square AUˮ):
○ Nomination and Appointment:
■ The Board is responsible for selecting and appointing Responsible Managers
RMs who have the expertise to support Square AU's organisational
competency.
○ Policy Oversight:
■ Ensure adherence to RG 105 requirements and maintain competency to provide
financial services under the AFSL.
○ Review of Training Compliance:
■ The Board must review reports from the Training Officer on RM training
participation and compliance.
● Responsible Managers RMs
○ Operational Responsibility:

■ RMs oversee day-to-day business decisions and ensure compliance with AFSL
obligations.
○ Continuous Development:
■ Participate in relevant training and educational activities to maintain and update
skills and knowledge required under RG 105.
○ Reporting:
■ Responsible for documenting training participation and providing updates to the
Training Officer as needed.
○ Ethical Conduct:
■ Adhere to standards of good fame and character, reporting any issues that
could affect their status.
● Training Officer:
○ Training Program Development:
■ Create, implement, and tailor training programs for RMs, ensuring alignment
with the specific needs of each RM based on their experience and
responsibilities.
○ Record-Keeping and Reporting:
■ Maintain a training register to document RM training activities and report
compliance status to the Board.
○ Support:
■ Facilitate access to internal and external training opportunities and ensure RMs
have the resources for continuous learning.
● Chief Compliance Officer Square AU (“CCO Square AUˮ):
○ Monitoring, Reporting and Review:
■ The CCO Square AU will provide assistance and support in implementing this
Standard across Square AU and shall be responsible for establishing
appropriate practices designed to ensure that Square AUʼs operations reflect its
commitment to compliance and that all employees are aware of that
commitment and their individual responsibility.
■ The CCO Square AU is responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance
with this Standard. The CCO Square AU may delegate to others the authority to
adopt, develop, and implement procedures and reporting that support this
Standard..
● Legal Counsel:
○ Advice and Counsel:
■ Legal counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding the
applicability and application of the requirements of this Standard to Square AUʼs
business and operational activities.
○ Training RMs:
■ The Counsel Team is also responsible for delivering training to the RMs and
supporting this process.
● Compliance Program Manager:
○ Monitoring and Supervision:
■ Work with RMs to establish monitoring procedures to ensure compliance with
financial services laws and policies.
○ Reporting and Documentation:

■ Ensure compliance breaches are reported and documented according to AFSL
requirements.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management. Reporting
may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with
the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance
Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.

Review related documents:
● Square AU | Monitoring Supervision and Training of Representatives Standard
Review related references:
● RG 105 AFS licensing: Organisational competence
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Not Applicable
Square AU Pty Creation Approved the September 11,
Ltd Board creation of the 2019
document
Not Applicable
Square AU Pty Immaterial … Approved minor December 10,
Ltd Board changes to the 2020
document
Not Applicable
Square AU Pty Immaterial … Approved minor December 9,
Ltd Board changes to the 2021
document
Not Applicable
Square AU Pty Immaterial … Approved minor December 8,
Ltd Board changes to the 2022
document
Not Applicable
Square AU Pty Scheduled … Approved minor December 13,
Ltd Board changes to the 2023
document

CCO Square AU
Lance Howard Scheduled … Approval of new November 18,
template and 2024
general updates
Not Applicable
Square AU Pty Immaterial … Approval of new December 11,
Ltd Board template and 2024
general updates
Not Applicable
Square AU Pty Scheduled … Approval of new December 18,
Ltd Board template and 2025
general updates
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional AU
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Chief Compliance Officer Square AU
Approved By Square AU Board
Document Tier Tier 2