Red Flags Policy
Square | Square Capital, LLC | Credit Card
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Red Flags Policy ("Policy") outlines Square Capital, LLC's ("Square
Capital" or the "Company") approach to compliance with the Red Flags provision of the Fair and
Accurate Credit Transactions Act ("FACTA"). The Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO") oversees the
development and implementation of this Policy and has delegated ownership of this Policy to the
Head of Business Product Compliance and Partnerships or Lending Product Compliance Lead as
designee.
This Policy is designed to effectively detect, prevent and mitigate Identity Theft pursuant to the
rules and regulations established under FACTA known as the "Red Flag Rules." It applies to all
customer accounts owned or maintained by Square Capital.
Scope: This Policy is established by Square Capital and is applicable to Square Capital, specific to
the credit card product. This Policy applies to Square Capital's lending products and associated
activities, whether conducted by the Company's employees or through outsourced service
providers, including when Square Capital acts as a service provider for a Bank Partner that
originates lending products.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Covered An account that a creditor offers or maintains for which there is a reasonably
Account foreseeable risk to customers or to the safety and soundness of the creditor
from Identity Theft, including financial, operational, compliance, reputation,
or litigation risk.
Identity Theft Fraud committed or attempted using one or more pieces of identifying
information of another person without authority. Identifying information
means any name or number that may be used, alone or in conjunction with

any other information, to identify a specific person, including, but not limited
to, any name, social security number, or date of birth.
Red Flag A pattern, practice, or specific activity that indicates the possible existence
of Identity Theft.
Staff Member(s) All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and includes interns,
temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers and
contractors.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Background
Identity Theft is a problem for consumers who must contend with their identities being used to
engage in unauthorized or fraudulent activities including illegitimate credit transactions and the
negative impact that usage can render to a person's consumer credit score, and for creditors, who
must absorb or otherwise write off transactions that result from stolen identities which can affect
liquidity and material operations. Because Identity Theft is so closely linked to consumer credit
reports, FACTA was passed as an amendment to the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA"). FACTA
primarily addresses:
● Identity Theft Prevention and Credit History Restoration;
● Improvements in Use of and Consumer Access to Credit Information;
● Enhancing the Accuracy of Consumer Report Information;
● Limiting the Use and Sharing of Medical Information in the Financial System;
● Financial Literacy and Education Improvement; and
● Protecting Employee Misconduct Investigations.
The regulatory guidance for Identity Theft prevention suggests using 26 specific criteria that are
either linked to consumer credit reports or that are normally associated with credit applications.
Triggering one or more of those criteria in a credit transaction, regardless of whether a consumer
credit report is used or not, is a "Red Flag" that the identity being used in the transaction may be
compromised which then requires the creditor to determine an appropriate course of action. This is
why the term "Red Flag" is used to describe a creditor's program that seeks to prevent the usage of
stolen identities. Usage of the 26 Red Flags is not required, but if not used it is expected that a
creditor explain in their program why one or more of the Red Flags have not been used. It is further

required that creditors add to their Red Flag program any new criteria that are self-identified as
helping to prevent Identity Theft.
Due to the complexity required to implement a robust Red Flags program, the Red Flags Program
requirements are contained fully within this Policy. The remainder of FACTA does not apply to Square
Capital's lending operations either because it is not applicable to a commercial lending program or
because consumer credit reports are not currently used by this program. It should be noted that
instances of stolen identity used to gain access to the Square Credit Card product are exceedingly
unlikely to occur. This is because in order to access the Square Credit Card product, a customer
must first be onboarded as a seller and must have sufficient payment processing volume to qualify
for the product.
FACTA Red Flags should not be confused with Bank Secrecy Act Red Flags which are associated
with identifying money laundering risks, not with preventing Identity Theft.
2.2. Identification of Red Flags
Square Capital identifies which Red Flags, singly or in combination, are relevant to detecting the
possible risk of Identity Theft to customers or the safety and soundness of Square Capital. When
identifying relevant Red Flags for Covered Accounts, Square Capital includes relevant Red Flags
from the following categories, as appropriate, and documents which are not used along with a
justification:
● Alerts, notifications, or other warnings received from consumer reporting agencies or
service providers, such as fraud detection services, including third party vendors used for
fraud monitoring;
● The presentation of suspicious documents;
● The presentation of suspicious personal identifying information;
● The unusual use of, or other suspicious activity related to, a Covered Account; and
● Notice from customers, victims of Identity Theft, law enforcement authorities, or other
persons regarding possible Identity Theft in connection with Covered Accounts.
Square Capital considers the following risk factors in identifying relevant Red Flags for Covered
Accounts:
● The types of Covered Accounts offered or maintained;
● The methods provided to open Covered Accounts;
● The methods provided to access Covered Accounts; and

● Its previous experience with Identity Theft.
Square Capital adds relevant Red Flags from sources such as:
● Incidents of Identity Theft previously experienced;
● Methods of Identity Theft that reflect changes in risk; and
● Applicable supervisory guidance.
The list of Red Flags Square Capital considers and their applicability to Square Credit Card are
detailed in Appendix I.
2.2.1. Detection of Red Flags
Square Capital addresses the detection of Red Flags in connection with the opening of Covered
Accounts and existing Covered Accounts, by:
● Obtaining identifying information about, and verifying the identity of, a person opening a
Covered Account; and
● Authenticating customers, monitoring transactions, and verifying the validity of change of
address requests in the case of existing Covered Accounts.
2.2.2. Response
Square Capital provides appropriate responses to detected Red Flags. The response is
commensurate with the degree of risk posed. Appropriate responses may include:
● Monitoring a Covered Account for evidence of Identity Theft;
● Contacting the customer;
● Changing any passwords, security codes or other security devices that permit access to a
Covered Account;
● Reopening a Covered Account with a new account number;
● Not opening a new Covered Account;
● Closing an existing Covered Account;
● Notifying law enforcement proactively on a case-by-case basis;
● Determining no response is warranted under the particular circumstances;
● Requiring the customer to pass identity verification questions; and
● Requiring the customer to provide documentary identification, such as a driverʼs license,
state ID, or passport.

In addition, pursuant to Section 609(e) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Square Capital will, upon
notice from a customer regarding possible Identity Theft and appropriate written request, provide the
customer (and law enforcement if requested by the customer) with copies of transaction records
relating to the theft of his or her identity within 30 days of receiving the written request to the
following address:
Square, Inc.
Attention: Square Capital LLC
1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612
Incidents of ID theft are verified, tracked and communicated/responded to pursuant to the process
defined in the Square Capital Credit Card Closure SOP. Square Capital may request of a customer
claiming an instance of ID theft 1.) proof of identity, including a copy of a driverʼs license,
government-issued ID card or other identification document and 2.) proof of the claim of ID theft,
including a police report regarding the ID theft or completed and signed FTC Identity Theft Report or
other affidavit of fact detailing the claim of ID theft. Law enforcement requests for records related to
incidents of identity theft are handled pursuant to the requirements set forth in the Credit Card
Privacy Policy.
2.2.3. Service Providers
Square Capital maintains oversight of service providers that perform activities related to identity
verification, fraud detection, or customer authentication. Contracts require service providers to have
policies and procedures in place to detect, prevent, and mitigate Identity Theft, consistent with
Square Capitalʼs Red Flags Program.
2.2.4. Updating the Program
Square Capitalʼs Red Flag Program is updated periodically to reflect changes in risks to customers or
to the safety and soundness of the organization from Identity Theft based on factors such as:
● The experiences of the organization with Identity Theft;
● Changes in methods of Identity Theft;
● Changes in methods to detect, prevent and mitigate Identity Theft; and
● Changes in the types of Covered Accounts that the organization offers or maintains; and
● Changes in the business arrangements of the organization, including mergers, acquisitions,
alliances, joint ventures and service provider arrangements.

2.2.5. Reports
Reports are prepared as follows:
● Staff Members responsible for development, implementation and administration of the
Program report to the Square Capital Board of Managers (“SCBMˮ) at least annually on the
Company's compliance with the Program.
● The report will address material matters related to the Program and evaluate issues such
as:
○ The effectiveness of the policies and procedures in addressing the risk of Identity
Theft in connection with the opening of Covered Accounts and to existing Covered
Accounts;
○ Service provider agreements;
○ Significant incidents involving Identity Theft and managementʼs response; and
○ Recommendations for material changes to the Program.
● Annually, a risk assessment is performed and the summary of this risk assessment can be
used to comply with the reporting requirement.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Compliance Policy Committee:
○ Approves the adoption of this Policy on an annual basis
● Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"):
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the organization
○ Responsible for establishing appropriate practices to ensure Company operations
reflect commitment to compliance
○ Responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy
○ May delegate authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and reporting
● Counsel:
○ Provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding Policy requirements
○ Advises on applicability to business and operational activities
● Head of Business Product Compliance and Partnerships or Lending Product Compliance
Lead:
○ Owns this Policy document
○ Reviews and approves requested exceptions
○ Designated as the Red Flags Program Administrator
○ Responsible for implementing, reviewing, and updating the Identity Theft Prevention
Program

○ Ensures responses to Red Flags are carried out
○ Coordinates with internal teams and external service providers as necessary.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
Square Capital will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Square Capital's document
retention guidelines. As it relates to this Policy, Square Capital retains consumer report records for
two 2 years if for employment purposes and for six 6 months if for other purposes. The reports
are required to be destroyed when the retention period is satisfied. Records relating to Red Flag
events (e.g. decisions to open or decline accounts involving Red Flags) are retained for twenty-five
25 months.
3.4.1. Disposal
Square Capital will dispose of all consumer reports, information derived from consumer reports, and
personal and financial information in compliance with the FACTA Disposal Rule. Consumer
information in hard copy form will be shredded and properly disposed. Consumer information
retained in electronic files will be erased or destroyed so the information cannot be read or
reconstructed.
3.4.2. Credit prescreened retention requirements from Reg B
Any solicitations resulting from credit prescreening must retain the creditworthiness criteria used to
determine qualification for each unsolicited offer for not less than 25 months 12 for business credit)
from the date of each initial solicitation pursuant to the record retention requirements in Reg B.

3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Square
Capital, LLC and on a need-to-know basis.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Global Complaints Policy
● Document Management Policy
● Credit Card Privacy Policy
● Credit Card Closure SOP
● Identity Theft Red Flags and Address Discrepancies under FACTA
● Interagency Guidelines on Identity Theft Detection, Prevention, and Mitigation
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
N/A Creation New Policy June 2021
created from
former Square
Capital Policy for

credit card
product
Amelia Child… Global Chief Scheduled R… Scheduled March 2022
Compliance Review
Officer
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Annual Review November 30,
Board of Board of 2023
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Annual Review July 2, 2024
Board of Board of
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital Immaterial C… Revised following October 10, 2024
Board of Board of third party audit
Managers Managers
Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Scheduled October 3, 2025
Policy Policy Committee Review; Minor
Committee Enhancements
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Lending Product Compliance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2

Appendix I - Red Flag Indicators
Red Flag Description Applicability to Square Credit Card
A fraud or active duty alert is Not applicable as Square Capital does not make use of consumer
included with a consumer credit reports in relation to the Square Credit Card product.
report. Square Capital evaluates alternative identity and fraud signals to
satisfy the underlying intent of this control.
A consumer reporting agency Not applicable as Square Capital does not make use of consumer
provides a notice of a credit credit reports in relation to the Square Credit Card product.
freeze in response to a request Square Capital evaluates alternative identity and fraud signals to
for a consumer report. satisfy the underlying intent of this control.
A notice of address or other Not applicable as Square Capital does not make use of consumer
discrepancy is provided by a credit reports in relation to the Square Credit Card product.
consumer credit reporting Square Capital evaluates alternative identity and fraud signals to
agency. satisfy the underlying intent of this control.
A consumer credit report Not applicable as Square Capital does not make use of consumer
shows a pattern inconsistent credit reports in relation to the Square Credit Card product.
with the personʼs history, such Square Capital evaluates alternative identity and fraud signals to
as a big increase in the volume satisfy the underlying intent of this control.
of inquiries or use of credit,
especially on new Covered
Accounts; an unusual number
of recently established credit
relationships; or a Covered
Account closed because of an
abuse of account privileges.
Identification presented looks If documentation appears to be altered or forged, an application
altered or forged. will be declined and escalated to the appropriate Compliance
team.
The identification presenter Not applicable as the application process for Square Credit Card
does not look like the is online-only and does not involve in-person interaction.
identificationʼs photograph or
physical description.
Other information on the If the provided information is inconsistent, the application will be
identification is not consistent declined.
with information provided by
the person opening a new
Covered Account or customer
presenting the identification.
Information on the If a name different from the owner on the account is provided in
identification does not match the application, the application will fail and trigger manual review.
other information our firm has
on file for the presenter, like

the original Covered Account
application, signature card or a
recent check.
The Covered Account Not applicable as the application process is online only.
application looks like it has
been altered, forged or torn up
and reassembled.
Inconsistencies exist between If an SSN appears invalid for any reason the application will be
the information presented and declined.
other things we know about
the presenter or can find out
by checking readily available
external sources, such as an
address that does not match a
consumer credit report, or the
Social Security Number SSN
has not been issued or is listed
on the Social Security
Administration's SSAʼs Death
Master File.
Inconsistencies exist in the If an SSN appears invalid for any reason the application will be
information that the customer declined.
gives us, such as a date of
birth that does not fall within
the number range on the SSAʼs
issuance tables.
Personal identifying Not used as a red flag indicator; no process as yet to detect this.
information presented has
been used on an account our
firm knows was fraudulent.
Personal identifying Use of a fictitious address will result in a declined application, P.O.
information presented Boxes are not accepted as valid addresses. Phone numbers are
suggests fraud, such as an not validated in the application process or used as a red flag
address that is fictitious, a mail indicator.
drop, or a prison; or a phone
number is invalid, or is for a
pager or answering service.
The SSN presented was used Not used as a red flag indicator; no process as yet to detect this.
by someone else opening an
account or other customers.
The address or telephone Not used as a red flag indicator; no process as yet to detect this.
number presented has been
used by many other people
opening accounts or other
customers.

A person who omits required If all required information is not provided, the application would be
information on an application canceled.
or other form does not provide
it when told it is incomplete.
Inconsistencies exist between If inconsistencies exist between what is provided in the
what is presented and what application and what is on file, the application would be declined.
our firm has on file.
A person making a Covered Not applicable as challenge questions are not utilized; a valid SSN
Account application or seeking is required
access cannot provide
authenticating information
beyond what would be found
in a wallet or consumer credit
report, or cannot answer a
challenge question.
Soon after our firm gets a Not applicable as no alternate means of access or authorized
change of address request for users exist within the product currently.
a Covered Account, we are
asked to add additional access
means (such as debit cards or
checks) or authorized users
for the account.
A new Covered Account Cash advances are not applicable to the product. Fraud indicators
exhibits fraud patterns, such are reviewed by third party vendor i2c and actioned and reported
as where a first payment is not to Square Capital. Any concerns identified in the reports may be
made or only the first payment escalated through Risk.
is made, or the use of credit
for cash advances and
securities easily converted into
cash.
A Covered Account develops Not used as a red flag; no process as yet to detect this.
new patterns of activity, such
as nonpayment inconsistent
with prior history, a material
increase in credit use, or a
material change in spending or
electronic fund transfers.
A Covered Account that is Not used as a red flag; no process as yet to detect this.
inactive for a long time is
suddenly used again.
Mail our firm sends to a Physical mail is not utilized other than mailing the card itself; card
customer is returned returned as undeliverable is not used as a red flag indicator.
repeatedly as undeliverable
even though the Covered
Account remains active.

We learn that a customer is not Not applicable as paper statements are not utilized.
getting his or her paper
account statements.
We are notified that there are Unauthorized charges or transactions would go through the
unauthorized charges or dispute or claims process which triggers an account review by
transactions to the Covered Risk for potential closure.
Account.
We are told that a Covered A report of fraud or ID theft would trigger an account review by
Account has been opened or Risk for potential closure.
used fraudulently by a
customer, an identity theft
victim, or law enforcement.