Canada Marketing
Standard
Afterpay| Afterpay Canada Limited
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Canada Marketing Standard | Afterpay Canada Limited 2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 5
2. Purpose 5
3. Scope 5
4. Standard Requirements 5
4.1 General Principles 5
4.2 Fair Lending and Complaint Management 7
4.3 Social Media 7
4.4 Record Retention 7
4.5 Training 7
5. Quebec Specific Regulations 8
5.1 Compliance with Consumer Protection Act 8
5.2 Compliance with the Charter of the French Language (Bill 101) 8
5.3 Ongoing Compliance Monitoring 8
5.4 Coordination with Quebec-Specific Legal Counsel
6. Document Management 9
6.1 Document Owner 9
6.2 Review and Approval 9
7. Exceptions 9
8. Record Retention 9
9. Related Documentation or References 9
10. Revision & Approval History 10
Document Details 10
Canada Marketing Standard | Afterpay Canada Limited 3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Bill 101 Quebec Bill 101 has significant implications for marketing in
Quebec, as it mandates the use of French in commercial signage,
advertising, and product labeling. This means that businesses
operating in Quebec need to ensure that their marketing
materials, including advertisements, packaging, and storefront
signs, comply with the language requirements set forth in the
law.
Canada’s Anti-Spam Canada's anti-spam legislation (CASL) protects consumers and
Legislation (“CASL”) businesses from the misuse of digital technology, including spam
and other electronic threats.
Consumer Protection Act An Act to provide for better protection of the interests of
(“CPA”) consumers
Staff Members All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who
support the operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this
Program, and include interns, temporary workers, consultants,
vendors, third-party providers, and contractors
Canada Marketing Standard | Afterpay Canada Limited 4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Marketing and Deceptive or Abusive Acts and Practices Standard ( "Standard") has been
adopted by the board of Afterpay Canada Inc. (the "Board") to ensure compliance with applicable law
in all of Afterpay Canada Ltd.'s ("Afterpay") activities including laws and regulations relating to
Misleading, Deceptive, Abusive Acts or Practices and the Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation ("CASL").
2. Purpose
Afterpay is committed to ensuring that its management, employees, officers, directors, and
third-party vendors both refrain from acts or practices that could be considered deceptive or abusive
and comply with CASL. Afterpay is committed to structuring financial products and conducting
marketing in such a way as to achieve compliance with this objective. If any applicable laws are in
conflict with this Standard, employees and management must report the issue to the Head of
Compliance, Afterpay Canada.
3. Scope
This Standard applies to Afterpay Canada Ltd. and all subsidiary and affiliate companies over which it
exercises control.It is every Staff Member’s responsibility to adhere to this Standard.
4. Standard Requirements
4.1 General Principles
The Canadian Competition Act and various provincial laws define Deceptive or Abusive Acts and
Practices. Deceptive acts and practices are those material representations, omissions, acts, or
practices that mislead or are likely to mislead a consumer.
Structuring Financial Products
It is Afterpay’s Standard to structure any financial product in such a way as to ensure that such
products could not be considered deceptive or abusive and the delivery of such products and
services are compliant with all applicable Canadian laws including CASL. In order to achieve this
objective, Afterpay will abide by the following principles:
Canada Marketing Standard | Afterpay Canada Limited 5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Afterpay will not assess any hidden fees not disclosed to the consumer in advance;
● Afterpay will monitor its portfolio and address its underwriting criteria as appropriate to
ensure that consumers are making responsible use of its financial products; and
● In order to ensure compliance with this directive, all new product structures or changes in
the structure of any financial product offered by Afterpay and related communication or
marketing will be subject to the review and approval of Afterpay’s legal and compliance
team.
Marketing and Advertising
Ensuring that consumers adequately understand financial products is an important consideration
for avoiding deceptive or abusive acts and practices. Afterpay is committed to ensuring fair, accurate,
and transparent representation of its products in all consumer communications. It is Afterpay’s
Standard to review in advance all consumer-facing marketing material for potential concerns.
Afterpay has implemented a review program led by Afterpay’s compliance team with appropriate
controls to ensure that each marketing piece used by Afterpay and the associated channel and
placement is reviewed and approved by Afterpay’s legal and compliance team, prior to use. The
creator of any customer-facing content, whether marketing or customer communication, is
responsible for ensuring the actions set out in this Standard are completed, including the approval
process being complied with.
No content is to be published or sent to customers (directly or through mass marketing) without
obtaining the required Compliance and Product Counsel approvals.
In addition, certain merchant partners will independently market and/or advertise the Afterpay
product on that merchant’s website or through other marketing efforts. Afterpay will ensure that all
merchants are contractually obligated to use only marketing material approved by Afterpay.
Merchants will be provided with pre-approved marketing material reviewed and approved by
Afterpay’s legal and compliance team. Afterpay’s marketing team will instruct merchants to submit
any marketing material that deviates from pre-approved materials to Afterpay for review and
approval prior to first use. Afterpay’s legal and compliance team will review and approve all merchant
marketing materials prior to giving approval to merchants.
Canada Marketing Standard | Afterpay Canada Limited 6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
CASL
Afterpay is committed to ensuring compliance with CASL obligations, including the requirement of
obtaining consent for sending Commercial Electronic Messages (“CEMs”) in any electronic form,
including email, text messages, instant messages and social media.
As part of Afterpay’s marketing material review process, Canada Compliance will review all materials
to ensure messages deemed CEMs are CASL-compliant and will include the ‘unsubscribe’ language
and mechanism.
4.2 Fair Lending and Complaint Management
Appropriate team members will receive training on the Canadian Consumer Protection Act on an
annual basis as part of Afterpay’s training curriculum.
4.3 Social Media
Afterpay maintains multiple social media accounts for the purposes of marketing and community
engagement. These social media accounts may allow third parties to add publicly visible comments
or materials (“Social Media Comments”) which become associated with Afterpay. Afterpay will
regularly monitor Social Media Comments and take action where such comments could result in a
material misunderstanding or misperception.
4.4 Record Retention
In order to ensure compliance with this Standard and applicable law, Afterpay will maintain records
of reviewed and approved marketing material for a minimum period of two (2) years.
4.5 Training
All Afterpay Canada personnel will receive training on Deceptive or Abusive Acts and Practices as
part of Afterpay’s training curriculum during an Afterpay onboarding session and on an annual basis
as part of Afterpay’s training curriculum.
Canada Marketing Standard | Afterpay Canada Limited 7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5. Quebec Specific Regulations
Afterpay recognizes the importance of adhering to Quebec-specific regulations concerning
marketing and advertising practices. Quebec has distinct consumer protection laws, notably the
Consumer Protection Act (“CPA”) and the Charter of the French Language (“Bill 101”), which impose
additional requirements on businesses operating within the province.
5.1 Compliance with Consumer Protection Act
Under the CPA, businesses operating in Quebec must ensure that all marketing and advertising
materials are clear, accurate, and transparent. This includes providing comprehensive information
about products and services offered by Afterpay, including any fees, terms, and conditions associated
with financial products. Afterpay will ensure that all marketing materials targeting consumers in
Quebec comply with the requirements outlined in the CPA.
5.2 Compliance with the Charter of the French Language (Bill 101)
The Charter of the French Language mandates that businesses operating in Quebec use French as
the primary language in all commercial communications, including advertising and marketing
materials. Afterpay will ensure that all marketing and advertising materials distributed in Quebec
comply with the language requirements set forth in Bill 101. This includes ensuring that French
language versions of marketing materials are readily available and accessible to consumers in
Quebec.
5.3 Ongoing Compliance Monitoring
Afterpay will implement procedures for ongoing compliance monitoring to ensure that all
marketing and advertising materials distributed in Quebec adhere to the requirements outlined in
the CPA and Bill 101. This includes regular audits of marketing materials, as well as monitoring
consumer feedback and complaints related to marketing practices in Quebec.
5.4 Coordination with Quebec-Specific Legal Counsel
Afterpay will maintain a close relationship with legal counsel specializing in Quebec-specific
regulations to ensure ongoing compliance with provincial laws. Legal counsel will provide guidance
and support to Afterpay's compliance team regarding Quebec-specific requirements, as well as
Canada Marketing Standard | Afterpay Canada Limited 8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
provide input as part of the review and approval of marketing materials targeting consumers in
Quebec.
6. Document Management
6.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Head of Compliance Canada or their designee.
6.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
7. Exceptions
The Head of Compliance Canada or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or
exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate
applicable laws and regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a
reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to
mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in
writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions
should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or
designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
8. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
9. Related Documentation or References
Related References:
Regulation Name Optional CASL (Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation)
Regulation Name Optional Bill 101 (Charter of the French Language)
Canada Marketing Standard | Afterpay Canada Limited 9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
10. Revision & Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Ben Hollister Compliance Creation New Policy April 3, 2024
Program
Manager
Safiya Adenek… Head of Canada Initial Appro… New Policy April 3, 2024
Compliance
Safiya Adenek… Head of Canada Scheduled … Transitioned Apr 11, 2025
Compliance from Policy to
Standard.
Document Details
Business Afterpay
Scope Regional [Canada]
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Head of Canada Compliance
Last Approval Date April 11, 2025
Effective Date April 11, 2025
Approved By Head of Canada Compliance]
Document Review Schedule Annually [ April 2026 ]
Canada Marketing Standard | Afterpay Canada Limited 10