Controlling the Assault of
Non-Solicited
Pornography And
Marketing Act
(“CAN-SPAM”) Policy
Cash App | U.S.
January 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Table of Contents
Table of Contents 2
Definitions 3
1. Introduction 5
2. Purpose 5
3. Scope 5
4. Policy Requirements 5
4.1 Email Primary Purpose: Commercial 5
4.2 False or Misleading Header Information 6
4.3 Deceptive Email Subject Lines 6
4.4 Identify Applicable Message as an Ad 6
4.5 Inform Recipients of Valid Physical Address 6
4.6 Opt-Out or Unsubscribe Explanations 7
4.7 Honor Opt-Out Requests Promptly 7
5. Document Management 8
5.1 Document Owner 8
5.2 Review and Approval 8
6. Training 8
7. Monitoring and Reporting 8
8. Exceptions 8
9. Record Retention 9
10. Related Documentation or References 9
11. Revision and Approval History 9
12. Document Details 9
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy | Cash App | U.S.

Confidential
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Commercial/ Any email message the primary purpose of which is to advertise or promote for
Marketing Email a commercial purpose, a commercial product or service including content on
Message the internet. An email message would not be considered to be a commercial or
marketing email message solely because such a message includes a reference
to a commercial entity that serves to identify the sender or a reference or link
to an internet website operated for a commercial purpose.
Consumer Consumer refers to an individual who is a natural person who obtains or has
obtained a financial product or service from Cash App that is to be used
primarily for personal, family or household purposes.
Recipient An authorized user of the email address to which the message was sent or
delivered.
Sender A person who initiates an email message and whose product, service, or
internet website is advertised or promoted by the message.
Transactional or An email message with the primary purpose of facilitating, completing, or
Relationship Email confirming a transaction that the recipient had previously agreed to enter into
Message by being a Cash App account holder (and either sending or receiving
payments).
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Head of The Cash App Head of Compliance is responsible for:
Compliance (“Head ● Owning this Policy;
of Compliance”) ● Ensuring this policy reflects industry best practices and applicable
regulatory guidance; and
● Ensuring that appropriate Staff Members are trained on CAN-SPAM, at
least annually commensurate with their roles and responsibilities.
As appropriate, the Head of Compliance may delegate the above
responsibilities to relevant Senior Management, the Cash App Consumer
Protection Compliance Lead or Compliance Staff who inform and escalate key
risks and Issues to the Head of Compliance.
Cash App Consumer Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead as the delegated owner of
Protection this Policy is responsible for:
Compliance Lead ● Serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to this Policy;
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy | Cash App | U.S.

Confidential
● Developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations;
● Ensuring regulatory risks are identified in documentation;
● Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant
stakeholders including business partners;
● Liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates,
● Conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy; and
● Delegating and overseeing business documentation requirements, as
needed.
Compliance Provide oversight and guidance to businesses in implementing the
requirements of this Policy.
Legal Counsel ● Legal Counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this
Policy;
● Legal Counsel provides legal advice by identifying and validating
relevant regulatory obligations applicable to Cash App products and
operations; and
● Works with the Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead and
other relevant Staff Members to support this Policy.
Staff Members The Company’s Staff Members are responsible for:
● Understanding and complying with applicable laws and regulations for
this Policy;
● Completing any required compliance training in a timely manner; and
● Promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of this Policy.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy | Cash App | U.S.

Confidential
1. Introduction
This Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy (“Policy”)
outlines Cash App’s obligations for ensuring that certain information is not false or misleading when
initiating electronic mail (“email”) messages to Consumers or prospective Consumers (including commercial
entities). The Policy also outlines obligations that recipients of commercial email messages can opt out of
future correspondence.
2. Purpose
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this
Policy is to outline Cash App’s obligations pursuant to its email marketing practices when sending emails to
new and existing Consumers, commercial entities, and Merchants and ensuring Cash App adheres to the
requirements of CAN-SPAM.
3. Scope
This Policy is established by Cash App and is applicable to all Cash App United States (“U.S.”) email
marketing operations, including emails to new and existing Consumers or commercial entities.
4. Policy Requirements
CAN-SPAM sets forth several obligations related to the sending of commercial email messages. Cash App
has established this Policy and accompanying procedures to establish those obligations, which begins with
the identification of an email message where the primary purpose would be considered commercial under
CAN-SPAM. Cash App may send commercial email messages to Consumers in the U.S. as long as the
Consumer has an opt out mechanism (see 4.6) AND as long as Cash App honors any opt-out requests
promptly once the request is received (see 4.7).
4.1 Email Primary Purpose: Commercial
The primary purpose of an email message will be deemed to be commercial if it:
● Contains only the commercial advertisement or promotion of a commercial product or service;
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy | Cash App | U.S.

Confidential
● Contains both commercial content and “transactional or relationship” content if either:
○ A recipient reasonably interpreting the subject line of the email message would likely
conclude that the message contains commercial content; or
○ The email message’s “transactional or relationship” content does not appear in whole or
substantial part at the beginning of the body of the message.
● Contains both commercial content and content that is not transactional or relationship content if
a recipient reasonably interprets either:
○ The subject line of the email message would likely conclude that the message contains
commercial content; or
○ The body of the message would likely conclude that the primary purpose of the message
is commercial.
4.2 False or Misleading Header Information
Cash App will not use false or misleading header information in the “From,” “To,” “Reply-To,” fields and
routing information, including the originating domain name and email address. The header information will
be accurate and identify the person or business who initiated the message.
4.3 Deceptive Email Subject Lines
Cash App will not use deceptive email subject lines and will ensure that the email subject line accurately
reflects the content of the message.
4.4 Identify Applicable Message as an Ad
Cash App will identify the applicable message as an ad. The fact that the message is an advertisement must
be clearly and conspicuously disclosed.
4.5 Inform Recipients of Valid Physical Address
Cash App will inform email recipients where Cash App is located. Emails must include a valid physical postal
address; which can be Cash App’s current street address, a post office box registered with the U.S. Postal
Service, or a private mailbox registered with a commercial mail-receiving agency established under Postal
Service regulations.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy | Cash App | U.S.

Confidential
4.6 Opt-Out or Unsubscribe Explanations
Cash App will provide explanations to email recipients for opting-out of receiving future email and
unsubscribing from email lists.
● The message must include a clear and conspicuous explanation of how the recipient can opt out
of receiving future emails.
● Any notice containing an explanation of how the recipient can opt out should be designated so
that it is easy for an ordinary person to recognize, read, and understand.
● Creative use of type size, color, and location can improve clarity.
● A return email address or another easy internet-based way to allow people to communicate their
choice to opt out of further email communications must be provided.
● A menu can be used to allow a recipient to opt out of certain types of messages, but the option to
stop all commercial messages must also be included.
● Cash App’s spam filter must not block these opt-out requests.
4.7 Honor Opt-Out Requests Promptly
Cash App will honor opt-out requests for email promptly.
● Any opt-out mechanism offered must be able to process opt-out requests for at least 30 days
after an email is sent.
● A recipient’s opt-out request must be honored within 10 business days of receipt.
● Cash App cannot charge a fee, require the recipient to provide any personally identifying
information beyond an email address or make the recipient take any step other than sending a
reply email or visiting a single page on an Internet website as a condition for honoring an opt-out
request.
● Once Cash App has been notified of an opt-out request from the email recipient, Cash App is
prohibited from selling or transferring the recipient’s email address to any other party, even in
the form of a mailing list.
● The only exception is that the address may be transferred to a company hired to help ensure
compliance with CAN-SPAM.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy | Cash App | U.S.

Confidential
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are
outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
Testing will be conducted on at least an annual basis to determine compliance with this Policy and
associated Procedures. Items that fail to meet a specific Policy requirement are reported as a finding using
the Global Compliance Monitoring and Testing (“GCMT”) process.
8. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy,
provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and regulations. Policy
exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description
of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any
approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any
approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp.
The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as
needed, of exceptions.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy | Cash App | U.S.

Confidential
9. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
10. Related Documentation or References
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited 15 U.S.C §§ 7701-7713
Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”)
11. Revision and Approval History
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Brian Kollmeyer Consumer Creation Initial creation. Dec 2, 2024
Protection
Compliance
Program Lead
Jason Liberman Interim, Head of Initial Appro… Initial approval. Dec 10, 2024
Cash App
Compliance
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Initial Appro… Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional (United States)
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Consumer Protection Compliance Program Lead
Last Approval Date Jan 22, 2025
Effective Date Dec 10, 2024
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy | Cash App | U.S.

Confidential
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy | Cash App | U.S.