Archived
Electronic Fund Transfer
Act (Regulation E) Policy
Cash App | U.S.
July 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Regulation E | Cash App
2

Confidential
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 8
2. Purpose 8
3. Scope 8
4. Policy Requirements 9
4.1 Disclosures and Periodic Statements 9
4.2 Preauthorized Electronic Funds Transfers 10
4.3 Error Resolution 10
4.4 Access Devices 11
4.5 Overdraft Services 11
4.6 Prepaid Accounts 11
4.7 Public Posting of Prepaid Account Agreements 12
4.8 Gift Cards 13
4.9 Remittance Transfers 13
5. Document Management 14
5.1 Document Owner 14
5.2 Review and Approval 14
6. Training 15
7. Monitoring and Reporting 15
8. Exceptions 16
9. Record Retention 16
10. Related Documentation or References 17
11. Revision and Approval History 17
12. Document Details 18
Regulation E | Cash App
3

Confidential
Definitions
Definitions
For purposes of this Policy, unless otherwise stated, the following definitions shall apply1.
Terminology Definition
Access Device A card, code, login credentials or other means of access to a Consumer’s
account, or any combination of devices, which may be used by the
Consumer to initiate an EFT. This could be the Consumer's Cash Card,
phone, computer/laptop, or login information. Anything that Cash App’s
Consumers use to access their funds.
Bank Partners The state-chartered, FDIC-insured financial institutions with whom Cash
App partners to issue the Cash Card prepaid debit card and to offer
Borrow loans.
Consumer Consumer generally refers to a Customer who is an individual. The
definition may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In the U.S., for
example, a Consumer is defined by the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau (“CFPB”) as an individual who obtains or has obtained a financial
product or service that is to be used primarily for personal, family or
household purposes.
Cash App Balance Cash App’s Consumer’s balance, which consists of the funds in their Cash
App account, that may be used by the Consumer for new transactions
and are not subject to pending transactions.
Electronic Fund Transfer Any transfer of funds that is initiated through an Electronic Terminal,
telephone, computer, or magnetic tape for the purpose of ordering,
instructing, or authorizing a financial institution to debit or credit a
Consumer's account. The term includes, but is not limited to:
● Point-of-sale transfers;
● Automated teller machine transfers;
● Direct deposits or withdrawals of funds;
● Transfers initiated by telephone; and
● Transfers resulting from debit card transactions, whether or not
initiated through an Electronic Terminal.
1 Many terms defined in this Policy are also defined in Cash App’s Terms of Service. Modifications to definitions in
this Policy should also be made to those in the Terms of Service (and vice versa).
Regulation E | Cash App
4

Confidential
Electronic Terminal An electronic device other than a telephone operated by a Consumer,
through which a Consumer may initiate an EFT, including point-of-sale
terminals, ATMs and cash dispensing machines.
Error The term Error means:
● Unauthorized EFTs;
● Incorrect or missing transfers to or from a Consumer’s account;
● Omission of a transaction from a periodic statement;
● Computational or bookkeeping Errors;
● Receipt of an incorrect amount from an Electronic Terminal; and
● Requests for documentation (unless requesting a duplicate copy),
or requests for information concerning a transaction or
clarification to determine whether an “Error” specified above
exists.
For Remittance Transfers, the term Error also means:
● An incorrect amount paid by a sending customer, unless the
remittance disclosures stated an estimate of the amount paid by
the sender and the difference results from application of the
actual exchange rate, fees, and taxes, rather than any estimated
amount;
● Failure to make available to a designated recipient the amount of
currency disclosed (unless certain conditions are met); and
● Failure to make funds available to a designated recipient by the
date of availability stated in the disclosure provided to the sender
(unless certain conditions are met).
Notice of Error (“NOE”) A written or oral communication from Cash App’s Consumer indicating
that the Consumer believes there is an Error on their Cash App account,
and that:
● Provides sufficient information for Cash App to identify the
Consumer’s name and account number; and
● Indicates why the Consumer believes an Error exists and includes
to the extent possible the type, date, and amount of the alleged
Error.
For Remittance Transfers, a NOE is a written or oral communication from
a Sender indicating the Sender believes there is an Error related to a
Remittance Transfer sent from their Cash App account, and that: Provides
sufficient information for Cash App to identify the Sender’s name, phone
number, and address, the Remittance Transfer recipient’s name, and if
known phone number or address; and
Regulation E | Cash App
5

Confidential
● Indicates why the Sender believes an error exists and includes to
the extent possible the type, date, and amount of the error of the
Remittance Transfer to which the notice of error applies
Preauthorized Electronic An EFT authorized in advance to recur at substantially regular intervals.
Fund Transfer
Prepaid Account An account that is issued on a prepaid basis in a specified amount or not
issued on a prepaid basis but capable of being loaded with funds
thereafter. The primary function of a Prepaid Account is to conduct
transactions with multiple, unaffiliated merchants for goods or services,
or at Automated Teller Machines (“ATM”), or to conduct person-to-person
transfers.
Provisional Credit A temporary credit that may be applied to Cash App’s Consumer’s
account during their NOE investigation if Cash App is not able to reach a
decision within ten (10) business days.
Remittance Transfer The electronic transfer of funds from a Consumer in the United States to
a recipient in a foreign country. The transfer must be initiated by a
remittance transfer provider and be greater than $15.00 U.S. dollars.
●
Unauthorized EFT An EFT from a Consumer's account initiated by a person other than the
Consumer without actual authority to initiate the transfer and from which
the Consumer receives no benefit.
The term does not include an EFT initiated:
● By a person who was furnished the Access Device by the
Consumer (i.e., authorized user), unless the Consumer has
notified Cash App that transfers by that person are no longer
authorized;
● With fraudulent intent by the Consumer or any person acting in
concert with the Consumer; or
● By Cash App or its employees.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Business Lines Implement requirements of this Policy and escalate any exceptions,
violations, or other identified risks to Compliance and/or Legal.
Regulation E | Cash App
6

Confidential
Cash App Head of The Cash App Head of Compliance is responsible for:
Compliance (“Head of ● Reviewing and approving this Policy,
Compliance”) ● Ensuring this Policy reflects industry best practices and
applicable regulatory guidance,
● Ensuring that appropriate Staff Members are trained on
EFTA/Regulation E at least annually commensurate with their
roles and responsibilities.
As appropriate, the Head of Compliance may delegate the above
responsibilities to relevant Senior Management, the Cash App Consumer
Protection Compliance Lead or Compliance Staff who inform and
escalate key risks and Issues to the Head of Compliance.
Cash App Consumer Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead as the owner of this
Protection Compliance Policy is responsible for:
Lead ● Serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to this
Policy,
● Developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations,
● Ensuring regulatory requirements are included in
documentation,
● Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to
relevant stakeholders including business partners,
● Liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates,
● Conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and
● Delegating and overseeing documentation requirements, as
needed.
Compliance Staff Provide oversight and guidance to Business Units in implementing the
requirements of this Policy.
Legal Counsel Identify applicable Regulation E requirements, new and existing, and
provide feedback and guidance on related questions, as needed, from
Business Units and Compliance.
Regulation E | Cash App
7

Confidential
1. Introduction
This Electronic Fund Transfer Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Cash App’s (“Cash App”), U.S. commitment to
adhering to regulatory requirements as well as industry standards and best practices in the delivery of its
products and services. This Policy is applicable in the United States across all Cash App products that involve
Electronic Fund Transfers (“EFT”) as those transactions are defined under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act
(“EFTA”) (15 U.S.C. §§ 1693 et seq.) and its implementing regulation, Regulation E (12 C.F.R. Part 1005). The
Consumer Protection Compliance Program Lead is responsible for the management of this Policy.
The purpose of the EFTA and Regulation E is to establish the basic rights, liabilities, and responsibilities of
Consumers who use EFT and Remittance Transfer services and of the financial institutions or other persons, like
Cash App, that offer these services. The primary objective of the EFTA and Regulation E is the protection of
individual Consumers engaging in EFTs and Remittance Transfers.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to set forth the expectations that Cash App will comply with the EFTA and
Regulation E, and manage and implement the requirements of EFTA and Regulation E as outlined in this Policy.
3. Scope
This Policy is established for Cash App, U.S. a Line of Business under Block, Inc., and is applicable to the Cash App
business and related products and services.
Various Cash App activities may be subject to requirements and prohibitions under the EFTA and Regulation E
covers EFT activities at both banks (such as Cash App’s Bank Partners) and non-bank companies like Cash App.
These activities include:
1. Development and distribution of disclosures and periodic statements;
2. Execution of preauthorized transfers;
3. Intake, investigation, and resolution of Errors and unauthorized transfers;
4. Issuance of Access Devices;
Regulation E | Cash App
8

Confidential
5.
6. Development and delivery of disclosures for Prepaid Accounts;
7. Public posting of Prepaid Accounts;
8. Issuance of gift cards;
9. Execution of Remittance Transfers;
10. Risk and compliance management programs, to ensure Policy and regulatory requirements are met;
and
11. Recordkeeping to demonstrate compliance with Regulation E.
4. Policy Requirements
As noted above, various Cash App activities may be subject to requirements and prohibitions under the EFTA and
Regulation E, and thus are covered by this Policy. The following sections discuss key activity areas and particular
Policy expectations relating thereto.
4.1 Disclosures and Periodic Statements
Cash App will provide disclosures required by Regulation E to its Consumers in a form that is clear, readily
understandable, written in English, and can be kept by Consumers. The scope of disclosures provided by Cash
App to its Consumers includes, but is not limited to:2
● Initial Disclosures. Provided before a Cash App Consumer can make an EFT, including information
such as the liability of Cash App and the Consumer for Unauthorized EFTs, Cash App contact
information, available transfer types and limitations, applicable fees (including those for ATMs), the
Consumer’s right to documentation and stop payment, and Cash App’s confidentiality agreement.
● Change in Terms Disclosures. Provided at least 21 days before the effective date of any change in a
term or condition that was disclosed initially, if the change would result in: increased fees for the
Consumer, increased liability for the Consumer, changes in types of EFTs available, or stricter
limitations on the frequency or dollar amount of transfers.
● Error Resolution Disclosures. Indicate how a Consumer can contact Cash App to file a NOE, provided
with the initial disclosure and thereafter either annually or with each periodic statement.
2 For disclosure requirements specific to Prepaid Accounts, see section 5.6 – Prepaid Account Requirements for additional
requirements. For disclosure requirements specific to gift cards, see section 5.8 – Gift Cards for additional requirements.
Regulation E | Cash App
9

Confidential
● Receipts. Provided to a Consumer each time the Consumer initiates an EFT at an Electronic Terminal,
including the dollar amount of the EFT, date, type, Consumer identification, terminal information, and
the third-party where funds were transferred to/from.
● Periodic Statements. Provided monthly to each Consumer that has had an EFT processed on their
Cash App account during the statement period, including transaction information, account number,
fees, account balance, and Cash App contact information.
4.2 Preauthorized Electronic Funds Transfers
Cash App will execute Preauthorized EFTs for its Consumers, upon request and with written authorization, and
provide a written notice of transfer within two (2) business days after the transfer occurs (or is rejected) if the
Preauthorized EFT is scheduled to transfer at least once every sixty (60) days.
Cash App will stop payment of a Preauthorized EFT when it receives a stop payment request (orally or in writing)
at least three (3) business days before the date of the next scheduled transfer, from a Consumer who has
initiated the Preauthorized EFT.
Cash App will not require Consumers to repay any extension of credit by Preauthorized EFT.
4.3 Error Resolution
See “Remittance Transfers” section below for Error resolution requirements applicable to Remittance Transfers.
Cash App will provide its Consumers with alternative means to contact Cash App to provide a NOE, such as
through the app, chat messaging, by calling Cash App, or by mailing a letter to Cash App. Cash App will promptly
and reasonably address such NOEs as required by Regulation E. Cash App will not require its Consumers to
provide more information than is described in Regulation E before Cash App initiates an investigation.
Cash App will seek to resolve NOEs within ten (10) business days but, where circumstances so require, may take
up to forty-five (45) calendar days to do so, provided that in such circumstances Cash App will:
● Provisionally credit the funds (including interest, where applicable) to the Consumer’s account within
ten (10) business days;
● Advise the Consumer within two (2) business days of the Provisional Credit; and
● Give the Consumer full use of the funds during the investigation.
Regulation E | Cash App
10

Confidential
If, after forty-five (45) calendar days, Cash App has not determined whether an Error has occurred, Cash App will
make the Consumer’s Provisional Credit permanent.
In the event that no Error, or a different Error occurred Cash App will:
● Provide notification to the customer advising that the Provisional Credit will be debited within five (5)
business days from the notification; and
● Specify the calendar date in which the debiting of the Provisional Credit will occur.
Upon completion of Cash App’s investigation, Cash App will promptly report its determination to the Consumer,
and notify them of their right under Regulation E that they may request the information upon which its
investigation was based. If Cash App finds that an Error did occur, Cash App will refund its Consumer (or, if
applicable, finalize Provisional Credit) and provide any interest or refunds for related fees incurred within one (1)
business day. A Consumer might be held liable for an Unauthorized EFT in circumstances where Cash App has
provided accurate disclosures and the Consumer did not provide timely notice, as described in Regulation E.
4.4 Access Devices
Cash App will only distribute Access Devices (i.e., Cash Cards) to Consumers who are soliciting a new or
replacement Access Device. Cash App will not distribute unsolicited Access Devices, unless required by law or
for purposes of account security.
4.5 Overdraft Services
Cash App does not provide overdraft services, as that term is defined under Regulation E, with respect to any of
its products or services.
4.6 Prepaid Accounts
Cash App will provide all disclosures described in this section before a Consumer acquires a Prepaid Account.
Prepaid Account disclosures must be:
● Provided to the Consumer in an electronic form when a Consumer acquires the Prepaid Account
through electronic means, including via a website or mobile application;
● Provided in a form that the Consumer can keep;
Regulation E | Cash App
11

Confidential
● Provided in table form;
● Organized and grouped in accordance with the requirements of 12 CFR 1005.18(b)(7);
● Provided in single, easy-to-read type that is all black or one color and printed on a background that
provides a clear contrast and using the font sizes and types that comply with the requirements of 12
CFR 1005.18(b)(7)(ii)(B); and
● Presented in a manner that uses fee names and other terms consistently within and across the
disclosures.
Cash App will provide a short-form disclosure for Prepaid Accounts that will include information (applicable to
Cash App) such as the periodic fee, per purchase fee, ATM withdrawal fee, cash reload fee, ATM balance inquiry
fee, customer service fee, inactivity fee, variable fee, third-party fee, any other types of fees (as appropriate),
information about Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”)/National Credit Union Administration (“NCUA”)
insurance and registration, and identification of the CFPB website for further information.
In addition, Cash App will provide a long form disclosure for Prepaid Accounts that includes content such as a
heading, fees, information on FDIC/NCUA insurance and registration, Cash App Contact information, and the
CFPB website and telephone number.
Outside of, but in close proximity to, the short form disclosure, Cash App will disclose its name, the name of the
Prepaid Account program, any purchase price for the Prepaid Account, and any fee for activating the Prepaid
Account.
4.7 Public Posting of Prepaid Account Agreements
Cash App and its Bank Partner and prepaid card issuer will be responsible for updating the CFPB with any
material changes to the cardholder agreements for both non-Cash Card and Cash Card Prepaid Accounts,
respectively. Cash App and its Bank Partner will submit Prepaid Account agreements to the CFPB on a rolling
basis, no later than thirty (30) days after offering, amending, or ceasing to offer any Prepaid Account agreement.
Such submissions must contain identifying information about the issuer and the agreement, the effective date,
the name of the program manager (if any), and the names of other relevant parties.
Cash App will post all Prepaid Account agreements that are submitted to the CFPB on its website in a form that
is readily usable by Consumers and complies with the requirements described by Regulation E.
Regulation E | Cash App
12

Confidential
4.8 Gift Cards
Cash App offers digital gift cards that can be sent by a Cash App Consumer to any other Cash App Consumer.
Prior to purchasing a gift card, the Consumer will be provided disclosures from Cash App regarding terms and
conditions of expiration. The disclosures must be clear and conspicuous and contain commonly accepted or
readily understandable abbreviations or symbols. In addition, a disclosure regarding the fund’s expiration terms
must appear electronically on the same screen as the digital gift card. After the gift card has been purchased,
Cash App will change neither the fees nor terms and conditions of expiration that were disclosed prior to
purchase.
4.9 Remittance Transfers
Cash App offers Remittance Transfer services allowing its Consumers to send and receive money internationally.
Cash App will disclose to its Consumers, before they pay for a Remittance Transfer, required information such as
the amount transferred, fees collected by Cash App, taxes incurred, total amount charged to the sender,
exchange rate used, applicable third-party fees, amount to be received by the designated recipient, and a
cancellation rights statement.
Cash App will adhere to requests to cancel Remittance Transfers if made within thirty (30) minutes of the
payment made when:
● The request to cancel enables Cash App to identify the sender’s name and address or telephone
number and the particular transfer to be cancelled; and
● The transferred funds have not been picked up by the designated recipient or deposited into an
account of the designated recipient.
Cash App will investigate a sender’s claim of an Error related to a Remittance Transfer when the NOE is received
from the sender within one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days of the disclosed funds’ availability date. Cash
App will determine whether an Error occurred within ninety (90) calendar days of receiving a NOE.
Within three (3) business days of completing an Error investigation, Cash App will notify the sender of the results
of the investigation. If Cash App determines an Error occurred, Cash App will correct the Error as designated by
Regulation E | Cash App
13

Confidential
the sender within one (1) business day of, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, receiving the sender’s
instructions regarding the appropriate remedy. Cash App, as appropriate, either will:
● Refund the amount of funds provided by the sender in connection with a Remittance Transfer which
was not properly transmitted, or the amount appropriate to resolve the Error; or
● Send the original amount as requested by the sender.
If the Error resulted because the recipient didn’t receive the amount by the date initially disclosed, then Cash
App will do one of the following as applicable:
● Refund to the sender the amount of funds which was not properly transmitted, or the amount
appropriate to resolve the Error;
● Make available to the designated recipient the amount appropriate to resolve the Error, without any
additional cost to either party; or
● Refund any fees to the sender and, to the extent not prohibited by law, taxes imposed for the
Remittance Transfer, unless the sender provided incorrect or insufficient information to Cash App in
connection with the Remittance Transfer.
If it is determined that no Error or a different Error from what is alleged occurred, Cash App will provide written
notification to the sender of Cash App’s findings, which will note the sender’s right to request information that
Cash App relied upon in making its determination. If the sender requests copies of documentation that Cash App
relied on during its investigation, Cash App will provide such documentation. Cash App will provide further
remedies to the sender as required by Regulation E and other relevant Cash App policies.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Consumer Protection Program Compliance Lead or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with the
Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Changes to this Policy require review and approval in the following order prior to becoming effective:
Regulation E | Cash App
14

Confidential
● Cash App’s Regulatory Counsel
● Cash App’s U.S. Trust Consumer Protection Compliance Manager
● Cash App’s Consumer Protection Compliance Lead
Once all approvals are documented, the Bank Partners receive a copy of the approved Policy. Cash App adopts
and follows written procedures to implement and meet the standards set forth in this Policy. In addition, any
significant procedural changes are communicated to applicable staff by the Head of Compliance, Cash App, or
their designee or through an appropriate communication channel or training in a timely manner.
6. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance to
implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are outlined
in the Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
Cash App Compliance and Cash App Legal will provide oversight and support to the business units to ensure the
expectations of this Policy are fully and consistently met. Oversight of this Policy will include:
● Testing and Monitoring
○ Performing sample testing of Error resolution activities, as well as distributed disclosures,
notices, and receipts, to ensure they comply with Policy and regulatory requirements; and
○ Monitoring key metrics and figures (e.g., volume, time to resolution) related to Error
resolution to understand risks in adhering to this Policy and regulatory requirements.
● Third-Party Oversight
○ Monitoring the performance of third-party suppliers, including their adherence to contract
stipulations and regulatory requirements.
● Issue Management
○ Identifying and documenting risks or instances of noncompliance with this Policy as issues to
be promptly recorded and resolved.
● Reporting
Regulation E | Cash App
15

Confidential
○ Providing the results of testing, monitoring, third-party oversight, and issue management to
senior leadership.
8. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy,
provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and regulations. Policy
exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of
the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved
exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved
exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document
Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
Cash App will retain evidence of compliance with the requirements of Regulation E, and otherwise with
respect to activities related to adherence to this Policy for a period of time listed below, and which has the
longest duration:
● Regulation E/EFTA requirements: for a minimum of two (2) years from the date disclosures are
required to be made or action is required to be taken;
● Time period required under applicable administrative proceedings, consent orders, or other legal
or regulatory matters;
● Time period consistent with obligations set forth by the Block Data Retention Standard (e.g., where
such data may pertain to a complaint and therefore have additional retention requirements); or
● In instances where Cash App receives notice of an investigation, enforcement proceeding by an
enforcement agency, or is served notice of an action filed under sections 910, 916, or 917(a) of the
EFTA, Cash App will retain the records that pertain to the investigation, action, or proceeding until
final disposition of the matter unless an earlier time is allowed by court or agency order.
Documents evidencing compliance with 12 C.F.R. § 1005.13(b)(1) may include:
● Policies and procedures, including prior versions
Regulation E | Cash App
16

Confidential
● Disclosures to consumers, including (account terms, fees, error resolution procedures, etc.; such
as “Terms of Service”, “Account Agreement”, periodic statements, which include error resolution
notices)
● Consumer consent and authorization records
● Documentation of error resolution processes, investigations, outcomes, and correspondence
● Transaction records (e.g., periodic statements, remittance receipts)
● Internal compliance and procedural documentation related to Reg E (e.g., “Knowledge Articles”)
● Notices related to changes in fees or terms
● EFTA / Reg. E training material and evidence of employee training completion records
Please see Block’s Data Retention Standard for further details.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related References:
Electronic Fund Transfer Act (“EFTA”) 15 U.S.C. §§ 1693 et seq.
Regulation E 12 C.F.R. Part 1005
11. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Brian Kollmeyer Consumer Protection Reviewed/Approved Sep 3, 2024
Program Compliance
Lead
Sarah Edwards Payments Regulatory Reviewed/Approved Aug 25, 2024
Counsel, Cash App
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Tyler Hand Head of Initial Approval None Oct 17, 2023
Regulation E | Cash App
17

Confidential
Compliance, Cash
App
Brian Kollmeyer Consumer Reviewed/App… None Aug 25, 2024
Protection Program
Compliance Lead
Jason Liberman Interim Head of Material Chan… None Sep 25, 2024
Compliance, Cash
App
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Material Chan… Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
Brian Kollmeyer Consumer Material Chan… Off- Cycle Approval Jul 15, 2025
Protection Program
Compliance Lead
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope U.S.
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App, Consumer Protection Compliance Program
Lead
Last Approval Date Jul 15, 2025
Effective Date Jul 15, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually
Regulation E | Cash App
18