Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act Policy
Square | Square Capital, LLC | Credit Card
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act ("FCRA") Policy
("Policy") outlines Square Capital, LLC's ("Square Capital" or the "Company") approach to
compliance with the FCRA as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act
("FACTA"). The Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO") oversees development and implementation of
this Policy and has delegated ownership of this Policy document to the Square Head of
Compliance.
The purpose of this Policy is to establish the responsibilities of Square Capital to comply with the
requirements set forth in the FCRA, as amended.
Scope: This Policy is established by Square Capital and is applicable to Square Capital. This Policy
applies to Square Capital's credit card product, whether conducted by the Company's employees
or through outsourced service providers. Square Capital recognizes a further duty to support the
compliance programs of its Bank Partner, where applicable.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Adverse Action A denial or revocation of credit, an unfavorable change in the terms of an
existing credit arrangement, or a refusal to grant credit in substantially the
amount or on substantially the terms that the applicant requested. It does not
include an "accepted counteroffer," where the applicant requested particular
credit card terms, such as a specific down payment or rate, but accepted the
Company's offer for different terms, such as a higher down payment or rate.
Affiliate Any Person or entity that is related by common ownership or common
corporate control with another Person or entity.

Consumer Any individual.
Consumer Any written, oral, or other communication of any information by a Consumer
Report Reporting Agency bearing on a Consumer's creditworthiness, credit
standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, Personal
characteristics or mode of living.
Consumer Generally refers to a credit bureau. If Square Capital shares information
Reporting about Consumers with a third-party, the Company could become a
Agency Consumer Reporting Agency.
Covered Any account the Company offers or maintains that involves or is designed to
Account permit multiple payments or transactions, and any other account the
Company offers or maintains for which there is a reasonably foreseeable risk
to Consumers or the safety and soundness of the Company from Identity
Theft, including financial, operational, compliance, reputation or litigation
risks.
Creditor Any Person who regularly extends, renews, or continues credit; any Person
who regularly arranges for the extension, renewal, or continuation of credit;
or any assignee of an original Creditor who participates in the decision to
extend, renew, or continue credit.
Eligibility Includes any information that per the above definition would constitute a
Information Consumer Report, plus the following:
● A report containing information solely as to transactions or
experiences between the Consumer and the Person making the
report;
● A communication of that information among Persons related by
common ownership or Affiliated by corporate control; or
● A communication of other information among Persons related by
common ownership or Affiliated by corporate control, if it is clearly
and conspicuously disclosed to the Consumer that the information
may be communicated among such Persons and the Consumer is
given the opportunity, before the time that the information is initially
communicated, to direct that such information not be communicated
among such Persons.
Eligibility information does not include aggregate or blind data that does not
contain Personal identifiers such as account numbers, names, or addresses.
Firm Offer of An offer that will be honored if the Consumer meets the specific criteria used
Credit to select him/her for the offer, except the offer may be conditioned on one or
both of the following:

● The Consumer meets any pre-established credit worthiness criteria
based on the application, as long as such other criteria are
established in advance; and
● The Consumer's continued eligibility and application information can
be verified after the Consumer accepts the offer.
Identity Theft A fraud committed or attempted using the identifying information of another
Person without authority.
Medical Information or data, whether oral or recorded, in any form or medium,
Information created by or derived from a health care provider or the Consumer, that
relates to:
● The past, present, or future physical, mental, or behavioral health or
condition of an individual;
● The provision of health care to an individual; or
● The payment for the provision of health care to an individual.
Person Any individual, partnership, corporation, trust, estate cooperative,
association, government or governmental subdivision or agency, or other
entity.
Red Flag A pattern, practice, or specific activity that indicates the possible existence
of Identity Theft.
Staff Member(s) All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and includes interns,
temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers and
contractors.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Policy Statement
Square Capital seeks to comply with the FCRA, which establishes requirements related to the use
and sharing of Consumer credit information, information about credit reports and credit scoring,
protections for victims of Identity Theft, and protections for Consumer Medical Information.
2.2. FCRA Background
The FCRA was enacted to provide Consumers with greater control and insight into their credit
reports and how those reports are used to grant extensions of credit or other considerations
addressed by the rule. In addition, the FCRA requires entities who extend credit based on usage of

those reports as well as the providers of those reports to meet certain reporting and usage
requirements, regardless of whether the credit is for commercial or Consumer purposes. In general,
the FCRA states that its primary goals are to:
● Provide fair and accurate credit reporting. Inaccurate credit reports directly impair the
efficiency of the banking system, and unfair credit reporting methods undermine the public
confidence, which is essential to the continued functioning of the banking system;
● Create an efficient mechanism for investigating and evaluating the credit worthiness, credit
standing, credit capacity, character, and general reputation of Consumers;
● Provide Consumer Reporting agencies with regulatory guidance in assuming a vital role in
assembling and evaluating Consumer credit and other information on Consumers; and
● Ensure that Consumer Reporting agencies exercise their grave responsibilities with
fairness, impartiality, and a respect for the Consumer's right to privacy.
To implement those goals, the FCRA regulates the following:
● Obtaining and using Consumer Reports;
● Providing applicable disclosures;
● Furnishing information;
● Adverse action (as it pertains to the usage of credit report information);
● Sharing information with both Affiliates and non-Affiliates;
● Reporting accurate information and correction of errors;
● Identity theft;
● Medical information;
● Free annual Consumer Reports;
● Coverage of business transactions; and
● Risk based pricing.
The FCRA contains significant responsibilities for business entities that are Consumer Reporting
agencies and lesser responsibilities for those that are not. Generally, financial institutions and
providers of financial services are not considered to function as Consumer Reporting agencies.
In addition to the requirements related to entities acting as Consumer Reporting agencies, the
FCRA requirements also apply to businesses that operate in the following capacities:
● Procurers and users of information (for example, as credit grantors, purchasers of dealer
paper, or when opening deposit accounts);

● Furnishers and transmitters of information (by reporting information to Consumer Reporting
agencies or other third parties, or to Affiliates);
● Marketers of credit or insurance products; or
● Employers.
2.3. Requirements
This Policy governs Square Capital's guidelines to align with the requirements within the FCRA when
Consumer Reports are used. Square Capital:
● Does not furnish information to a Consumer Reporting Agency that the Company knows is
inaccurate;
● Does not submit information to a Consumer Reporting Agency if notified by a Consumer
that the information is inaccurate and the Company subsequently determines the
information is inaccurate;
● Enacts policies and procedures designed to enable Square Capital to form a reasonable
belief that a Consumer Report relates to the Consumer about whom it has requested the
report, when Square Capital receives a notice of address discrepancy;
● Only uses Consumer Reports for permissible purposes as defined within the FCRA; and
● Provides disclosures to Consumers, as required by law.
2.3.1. Obtaining Consumer Reports
The FCRA requires any prospective user of a Consumer Report to have a legally permissible purpose
to obtain a report. The Company may request a Consumer Report only for one of the following
defined permissible purposes:
● The Consumer provides authorization in writing;
● The report will be used in connection with a credit transaction involving the Consumer and
involving the extension of credit to, or review or collection of an account of the Consumer;
● A prescreened solicitation in connection with any credit transaction that is not initiated by
the Consumer only if:
○ The Consumer authorizes the Consumer Reporting Agency to provide such a
report; or
○ The transaction consists of a Firm Offer of Credit and the Consumer has not opted
out of receiving such solicitations.

2.3.2. Medical Information
The FCRA prohibits Creditors from obtaining and using Medical Information in connection with a
Consumerʼs eligibility, or continuing eligibility for credit. Square Capital does not request Medical
Information in connection with the determination of eligibility for Consumer credit and any
information provided that contains Medical Information is evaluated under the same requirements
and restrictions as any other credit extension covered under this Policy.
Disclosure of Medical Information
Where Square Capital receives Medical Information permissibly contained within a credit report
under the FCRA, it will not re-disclose any Medical Information to a third-party, including to Affiliates,
except as to carry out requirements mandated by this Policy.
2.3.3. Credit Prescreening
In any instance where Square Capital prescreens Consumer Credit Reports or makes firm offers of
credit, the Company ensures that the use of prescreened lists are in compliance with all applicable
Square Capital Policies. With respect to firm offers of credit, where offered, the FCRA requires that a
Firm Offer of Credit be accompanied by two notices, which are referred to as the "short notice" and
the "long notice." Square Capital ensures that all of the accompanying notices are clear,
conspicuous, in an understandable language, and adhere to the below specifics for each.
Prescreen Opt-Out Notice
"Short Notice" will:
● State the Consumer has a right to opt out of receiving prescreening solicitations and
provide the toll-free number the Consumer can call to exercise that right;
● Direct the Consumer to the existence and location of the long notice, including the heading
for the long notice;
● Appear in larger type than the type size of the principal text on the same page, but in no
smaller than 12-point type font;
● Appear on the front side of the first page of the principal promotional document in the
solicitation;
● Appear on a page and in a format that is distinct from the other text, such as inside a
border; and

● Appear in a type style that is distinct from the principal type style used on the same page,
such as bold or underlined.
Prescreen Opt-Out Notice
"Long Notice" will:
● Appear in the solicitation;
● State that information in the Consumer Report was used in connection with making the
solicitation;
● State the Consumer satisfied the criteria for credit worthiness;
● State that if the Consumer responds, the extension of credit may not be enacted if, after the
Consumer responds, the Consumer does not meet the criteria used to select the Consumer
for the offer;
● State the Consumer has the right to stop receiving such solicitations in the future and how
the Consumer can exercise that right, including address and toll-free number of the
appropriate notification system;
● Appear in a type size that is no smaller 8-point and no smaller than the type size of the
principal text on the same page;
● Begin with a heading “PRESCREEN AND OPT OUT NOTICEˮ in capital letters and
underlined;
● Appear in a type style that is distinct from the principal type style used on the same page;
and
● Appear set apart from other text on the page such as by including a blank line above and
below the statement, and by indenting both the left and right margins from other text on the
page.
These above requirements apply in connection to any credit transaction that is not initiated by the
Consumer.
2.4. Affiliate Marketing Opt-Out
2.4.1. Initial Notice and Opt-Out Requirement
Square Capital will not use Eligibility Information, obtained from an Affiliate about a Consumer, to
solicit the Consumer for marketing purposes unless:
● The Consumer receives a clear and conspicuous disclosure in writing that information
received from an Affiliate may be used for marketing purposes;

● The notice is sent by the Affiliate that has or has had a pre-existing relationship with the
Consumer;
● The Consumer is given a reasonable opportunity and simple method to opt out of the
solicitation; and
● The Consumer does not opt out.
2.4.2. Contents of Opt-Out Notice
Where Square Capital provides an Opt Out Notice, the notice must be clear, conspicuous, and
concise, and must accurately disclose:
● The name of the Affiliate(s) providing the notice;
● A list of the Affiliates or types of Affiliates whose use of Eligibility Information is covered by
the notice, which may include companies that become Affiliates after the notice is provided
to the Consumer;
● A general description of the types of Eligibility Information that may be used to make
solicitations to the Consumer;
● That the Consumer may elect to limit the use of Eligibility Information to make solicitations
to the Consumer;
● That the Consumer's election will apply for the specified period of time stated in the notice
and, if applicable, that the Consumer will be allowed to renew the election once that period
expires;
● If the notice is provided to Consumers who may previously opted out, such as if a notice is
provided to Consumers annually, that the Consumer who has chosen to limit solicitations
does not need to act again until the Consumer receives a renewal notice; and
● A reasonable and simple method for the Consumer to opt out.
2.4.3. Risk-Based Pricing Notice
When Square Capital uses a Consumer Report in any manner to grant Consumer purpose credit, to a
Consumer, on terms that are materially less favorable than the most favorable material terms
available to a substantial proportion of Consumers, it must provide a risk-based pricing notice under
the FCRA. Square Capital will provide a clear and conspicuous notice to the Consumer when
risk-based pricing is used, before the consummation of the transaction. Such notice shall include the
following:
● That a Consumer Report (or credit report) includes information about the Consumer's
credit history and the type of information included in that history;

● The terms offered, such as the annual percentage rate, have been set based on information
from a Consumer Report and that these terms may be less favorable than the terms offered
to Consumers with better credit histories;
● Encouraging the Consumer to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the
Consumer Report and that they have the right to dispute any inaccurate information in the
report;
● The identity of each Consumer Reporting Agency that furnished a Consumer Report used
in the credit decision;
● That Federal law gives the Consumer the right to obtain a copy of a Consumer Report from
the reporting agency(ies) identified in the notice without charge for 60 days after receipt of
the notice;
● A statement informing the Consumer how to obtain a Consumer Report from the Consumer
Reporting Agency(ies) identified in the notice and providing contact information (including
a toll-free telephone number, where applicable) specified by the Consumer Reporting
Agency(ies);
● A statement directing Consumers to the Web site of the Bureau to obtain more information
about Consumer Reports; and
● If a credit score of the Consumer to whom a Person grants, extends, or otherwise provides
credit is used in setting the material terms of credit, then:
○ A statement that a credit score is a number that takes into account information in a
Consumer Report, that the Consumer's credit score was used to set the terms of
credit offered, and that a credit score can change over time to reflect changes in
the Consumer's credit history;
○ The credit score used by the Person in making the credit decision;
○ The range of possible credit scores under the model used to generate the credit
score;
○ Up to four key factors that adversely affected the credit score, except when one of
the key factors is the number of inquiries made to the Consumer Report, the
number of key factors will not exceed five;
○ The date on which the credit score was created; and
○ The name of the Consumer Reporting Agency that provided the credit score.
● That a Consumer Report includes information about the Consumer's credit history and the
type of information included in that credit history;
● A statement that the Person has conducted a review of the account using information from
a Consumer Report;

● As applicable, a statement that as a result of the review, the annual percentage rate on the
account has been increased based on information from a Consumer Report; and
● A statement that the Consumer is encouraged to verify the accuracy of the information
contained in the Consumer Report and has the right to dispute any inaccurate information
in the report.
2.4.4. Where a Risk-based Pricing Notice is Not Required
A risk-based pricing notice is not required to be provided for:
● Business purpose credit;
● A transaction in which an Adverse Action Notice is provided; or
● Consumers from a prescreened list for which a Firm Offer of Credit is made.
If Square Capital elects not to provide a risk-based pricing notice for credit granted on materially less
favorable terms, it must provide a Credit Score Disclosure Exception Notice in accordance with 12
CFR 1022.72(d), including all elements set forth in the Bureauʼs model forms H6 or H7, as
applicable.
Notice of Address Discrepancy
Square Capital enacts policies and procedures designed to enable it to form a reasonable belief that
a Consumer Report relates to the Consumer about whom Square Capital has requested the report,
which includes scenarios in which it receives a notice of address discrepancy. These policies and
procedures, at a minimum:
● Compare the information in the Consumer Report provided by the Consumer Reporting
Agency with information that Square Capital:
○ Obtains and verifies the Consumer's identity in accordance with the requirements
of the Customer Identification Program ("CIP") rules (or Square Capital's Customer
Identification Program ("CIP") Policy;
○ Maintains in its own records, such as applications, change of address notifications,
other customer account records, or retained CIP documentation; or
○ Obtains from third-party sources; or
● Verify the information in the Consumer Report provided by the Consumer Reporting
Agency with the Consumer.

2.4.5. Adverse Action Notice
The Company will notify an applicant of an adverse decision, when information from a Consumer
Reporting Agency contributes in whole or in part to taking an Adverse Action against the Consumer,
including a denial of Consumer credit.
All notices will be provided within 30 calendar days of receipt of a completed application. Square
Capital will inform the Consumer of such Adverse Action in writing by providing a notice that
includes:
● The name, address, and toll-free number of the agency that provided the Consumer
Report;
● A statement that the Consumer Reporting Agency did not make the decision and does not
have any information regarding why the Adverse Action was taken;
● That the Consumer has the right to obtain a free copy of the report for 60 days;
● That the Consumer has the right to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the
Consumer Report and has the right to dispute any inaccurate or incomplete information in
the report with the Consumer Reporting Agency;
● If applicable, information about any credit score used in making the credit decision,
including:
● A statement that a credit score is a number that takes into account information in a
Consumer Report, the Consumerʼs credit score was used in taking the Adverse Action, and
that a credit score can change over time to reflect changes in the Consumerʼs credit
history;
● The numerical credit score used in generating the decision;
● The range of possible credit scores under the model used to generate the credit score;
● Up to four key factors that adversely affected the credit score, except when one of the key
factors is the number of inquiries made with respect to the Consumer Report, the number
of key factors will not exceed five;
● The date on which the credit score was created;
● The name, address and telephone number of the Consumer Reporting Agency.
○ If information from a third party including an Affiliate, other than a Consumer
Reporting Agency, was used to make an adverse decision, that Consumer has the
right to make a written request within 60 days for the information.
○ Square Capital will comply with any such request upon receipt.

2.4.6. Information Furnishing
Square Capital maintains reasonable policies and procedures to ensure Consumer information
reported to a Consumer Reporting Agency is accurate.
2.4.7. Notice of Negative Reporting
Square Capital will provide a written notice to a Consumer either prior to furnishing negative
information to a credit reporting agency, or within thirty days of such activity.
2.4.8. Direct Consumer Disputes
When Square Capital receives a notification from a Consumer regarding the accuracy or
completeness of information on their Consumer Report, this constitutes a Notice of Dispute
("Notice"), and there are several affirmative obligations imposed by Square Capital where a valid
Notice is received according to the requirements below.
2.4.9. Requirements
Square Capital requires the Notice to contain enough information to identify the pertinent account,
information the Consumer is disputing, a brief explanation of the basis of the dispute, and any
supporting documentation to substantiate the dispute. Square Capital requires the Notice to be
written and mailed to the following address:
Square, Inc.
Attention: Chief Compliance Officer
1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612
2.4.10. Duties After Receiving a Direct Dispute Notice
After receiving Notice, Square Capital will conduct a reasonable investigation of a direct dispute with
respect to the disputed information including reviewing all relevant information provided by the
Consumer with the Dispute. Upon receiving Notice, Square Capital does not furnish information
pertaining to the account to a Credit Reporting Agency while the account is in dispute.
The results of the investigation will be completed and reported within 30 calendar days. If the
reported information was determined to be inaccurate, Square Capital will promptly notify each
Consumer Reporting Agency regarding the correction to that information.

Under the FCRA, Square Capital is not required to investigate any Notice the Company determines to
be frivolous, duplicated, or irrelevant. Upon the determination by Compliance that a dispute is
frivolous or irrelevant, a Notice of Determination letter will be sent to the customer within five 5
business days. This letter will include the reasoning for why the dispute was found to be frivolous or
irrelevant and any information required by the Company to investigate the disputed information.
2.4.11. Identity Theft Prevention
Square Capital has developed and implemented a written program for Identity Theft prevention
designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate Identity Theft with the opening or existence of a Covered
Account.
2.4.12. Miscellaneous Provisions
Square Capital also:
● Provides a copy of the application and any business transaction records available, free of
charge, upon receipt of a written claim of Identity Theft that resulted in a fraudulent
transaction, provided the Identity Theft victim:
○ Provides proof of positive identification in the form of a government issued
identification card; and
○ Provides proof of the Identity Theft claim in the form of an Identity Theft Affidavit
and a copy of a police report.
● Provides a copy of relevant business records related to fraudulent accounts or transactions
within 30 days of receipt of a written request from an identity theft victim or their
designated law enforcement representative, upon proper verification and documentation.
With regard to victims of Identity Theft, does not sell, transfer, or place in collection a debt that has
resulted from Identity Theft.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"):
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the organization
○ Responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure Company
operations reflect commitment to compliance

○ Responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy
○ May delegate authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and reporting
● Counsel:
○ Provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding Policy requirements
○ Advises on applicability to business and operational activities
● Compliance Policy Committee:
○ Reviews and adopts this policy on an annual basis
● Head of Business Product Compliance and Partnerships or Lending Product Compliance
Lead:
○ Owns this Policy document
○ Reviews and approves exception requests
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the

Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Fair Credit Reporting Act
● Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Tim Spencer Square Product Reviewed/A… June 7, 2024 Tim Spencer
Compliance
Laura Square Reviewed/A… June 25, 2024 Laura Fragomeni
Fragomeni Compliance
Tim Spencer Square Product Reviewed/A… Jan 16, 2025 Tim Spencer
Compliance
Jermaine Kimble Customer Protectio Reviewed/A… Jul 3, 2025 Jermaine Kimble
Corey Chamberl…Business Product Reviewed/A… Sep 9, 2025 Corey Chamberlain
Compliance
N/A Credit Card Initial Appro… Initial Approval March 3, 2022
Compliance
Committee
Amelia Child… Chief Compliance Initial Appro… Initial Approval March 2022

Officer
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled … Annual Review November, 30
Board of Board of 2023
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled … Annual Review July 2, 2024
Board of Board of
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled … Scheduled January 24, 2025
Board of Board of review;
Managers Managers immaterial
change
Compliance Compliance Scheduled … Scheduled October 3, 2025
Policy Policy Committee Review; Minor
Committee enhancements
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Lending Product Compliance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2