Vulnerable Customer
Policy
Cash App | UK | Squareup Europe Limited
July 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Cash App UK and
on a need-to-know basis.
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 5
2. Purpose 5
3. Scope 5
4. Policy Requirements 5
4.1 Identifying Vulnerable Customers 6
4.2 Understanding Cash App's Target Market 8
4.3 Supporting Vulnerable Customers 9
4.4 Product Design 9
4.5 Customer Service & Communication 10
4.6 Data Review & Ongoing Compliance Monitoring 10
4.7 Building a Culture of Treating Vulnerable Customers Fairly 11
5. Document Management 11
5.1 Document Owner 11
5.2 Review and Approval 12
6. Training 12
7. Monitoring and Reporting 12
8. Exceptions 12
9. Recordkeeping 12
10. Related Documentation or References 13
11. Revision and Approval History 13
12. Document Details 14
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Financial Conduct The FCA is a financial regulatory body in the United Kingdom, responsible for
Authority (“FCA”) issuing SEL licence as an e-Money Institution (“EMI”).
Customer For the purposes of this policy, a customer is defined as all Cash App UK users
including potential customers, where appropriate.
Consumer An individual who is acting for purposes that are outside their trade, business,
or profession.
Vulnerable Customer As per FG21/1 guidance published by the FCA, a Vulnerable Customer is
someone who, due to their personal circumstances, is especially susceptible to
harm, particularly when a firm is not acting with appropriate levels of care.
Staff An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired by
the Company who supports the operations covered by this Policy.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
SEL Board Responsible for the oversight and approval of the Policy, ensuring it aligns with
the Cash App’s strategic objectives.
Consumer Duty Responsible for ensuring the organisation adheres to consumer protection
Champion regulations and prioritises customer interests. They advocate for fair
treatment, oversee compliance with consumer protection standards, and
support staff in upholding best practices.
Head of Compliance Responsible for ensuring effective policy implementation and reporting on
compliance issues and policy effectiveness to the RGC and the Board.
Staff Responsible for understanding and adhering to the policy, identifying
Vulnerable Customers and providing the necessary support, following the
guidelines set forth in the policy.
Compliance Responsible for monitoring compliance with this policy and conducting regular
audits to ensure ongoing compliance. They provide guidance and support to
Staff on policy-related issues.
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
The Cash App UK (“Cash App”) service involves the provision of a digital-only peer-to-peer e-money wallet to
customers. Cash App is required to ensure that every customer who has a characteristic or characteristics of
vulnerability is treated fairly, and where possible, in accordance with their needs. This requirement is
designed to ensure that Vulnerable Customers experience outcomes equal to those of other customers, and
receive consistently fair treatment.
2. Purpose
The purpose of the Vulnerable Customer Policy (the “Policy”) is to define Cash App UK’s obligations in
engaging with Vulnerable Customers. It aims to ensure that Cash App delivers fair treatment, offers
appropriate assistance, and maintains clear communication to protect and support customers who may be in
vulnerable situations.
3. Scope
This Policy is established by Cash App UK and is applicable to Cash App UK. No part of this Policy or its
supporting documentation should be interpreted as contravening or superseding any other legal or
regulatory requirements imposed upon Cash App UK. Any conflicts between this Policy and Cash App's other
legal or regulatory obligations should be submitted immediately to the Head of Compliance for further
evaluation.
4. Policy Requirements
SEL is authorised by the FCA as an EMI pursuant to the Electronic Money Regulations 2011.
The FCA’s Finalised Guidance on the Fair Treatment of Vulnerable Customers provides guidance on how
authorised firms, including EMIs, should treat their Vulnerable Customers. EMIs are required to pay attention
to the fair treatment of Vulnerable Customers across all products and services. In this Policy, Cash App
demonstrates how its business model, the actions it takes, and its culture ensures the fair treatment of all
customers.
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
The FCA's approach to regulation is outcomes-focused and based on the Principles for Business (the
Principles), with the key Principle underpinning the need for Cash App to take particular care in the
treatment of Vulnerable Customers being Principle 6 – Customers' interests: a firm must pay due regard to
the interests of customers and treat them fairly.
In addition, Cash App is also required to take into account the FCA’s Consumer Duty guidance in its approach
to Vulnerable Customers.
Cash App should also comply at all times with its obligations under the Equality Act 2010, particularly in its
approach to Vulnerable Customers.
4.1 Identifying Vulnerable Customers
In order for the needs of Vulnerable Customers to be correctly addressed, it is important to be able to
identify them and so Cash App is required to implement processes for Staff to identify vulnerable
characteristics / behaviour and encourage disclosure. Cash App is also required to ensure that all relevant
Staff receive training to understand the factors that can help to identify a Vulnerable Customer, encourage
such disclosure and support the customer appropriately.
Characteristics that can help identify a Vulnerable Customer can be divided into four key drivers of
vulnerability. The characteristics associated with each driver are summarised below:
Health Life Events Resilience Capability
● Physical disability ● Retirement ● Inadequate ● Low knowledge or
● Severe or long-term ● Bereavement (outgoings exceed confidence in
illness ● Income Shock income) or erratic managing finances
● Hearing or visual ● Relationship income ● Poor literacy or
impairment Breakdown ● Over- indebtedness numeracy skills
● Mental health ● Domestic abuse ● Low savings ● Poor English
condition or (including economic ● Low emotional language skills
disability control) resilience ● Poor or
● Addiction ● Caring non-existent digital
responsibilities skills
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Low mental ● Other ● Learning difficulties
capacity or circumstances that ● No or low access to
cognitive disability affect people’s help or support
experience of
financial services
e.g., leaving care,
migration or
seeking asylum,
human trafficking
or modern slavery,
convictions
Living with a disability, illness, or diagnosis does not in and of itself make someone vulnerable. It is a person's
situation and barriers to accessing services that may make them vulnerable. Equally, a person may be
vulnerable without any disability, illness or diagnosis, for example, if they are recently bereaved or are frail.
Vulnerability can take many different forms, be temporary or permanent and the characteristics can be
overlapping.
Outside of circumstances where a customer directly informs Cash App that they have a condition, diagnosis,
or circumstance that places them in a vulnerable position, there are some common customer behaviours
which may indicate vulnerability, such as:
● Repeat requests for the same or similar information; (a sign that the customer is not retaining
information)
● Difficulty understanding and/or engaging with information presented to them;
● More than average instances where the customer has to reset their Cash App password or other
security details.
When a customer is identified as vulnerable, Cash App has an obligation to:
● Provide the best possible service to Vulnerable Customer
● Provide reasonable assistance and care when required
● Be able to recognise and respond to the needs of Vulnerable Customers.
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2 Understanding Cash App's Target Market
Cash App should be aware of the situations and circumstances that may lead to a customer in their target
market or customer base becoming vulnerable. Cash App is also generally available to the entire UK
consumer base over the age of 18.
Here are some generic vulnerability characteristics that may be seen across generally Cash App's target
market:
● Financial Hardship: Individuals experiencing financial difficulties, such as those with low income,
high debt levels, or who are unemployed or underemployed.
● Digital Literacy: Individuals who are not familiar with using digital financial services, including
older adults or those with limited access to technology and the internet.
● Language Barriers: Non-native English speakers or those with limited proficiency in English,
which can impact their ability to understand and use the app effectively.
● Cognitive Impairments: Individuals with mental health conditions, cognitive disabilities, or
learning difficulties that may affect their ability to manage finances and use digital tools.
● Age: Older adults who might struggle with new technology can both face challenges.
● Health Issues: Individuals with serious or chronic health conditions that result in financial strain
and added stress.
● Victims of Fraud or Scams: Those who have been previously targeted by financial fraud or
scams, or are particularly vulnerable to such activities.
● Economic Changes: Customers affected by broader economic factors in the UK, such as
inflation, changes in interest rates, or economic downturns, which can exacerbate financial
vulnerabilities.
Identification of any particular key vulnerability drivers does not mean that Cash App's customers are not at
risk of other drivers. Cash App and its Staff must be open-minded and flexible enough to meet each different
circumstance.
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.3 Supporting Vulnerable Customers
Cash App is required to consider the needs of Vulnerable Customers throughout the entire lifecycle of a
product, from product creation through to the relationship with a customer.
4.4 Product Design
Cash App is by nature a product that has been designed to foster simplicity and ease of use for customers.
Cash App currently provides a limited payments functionality (i.e. peer-to-peer transacting, stored balance
and withdrawal), significantly reducing the risk of harm to customers associated with vulnerabilities at the
onboarding and initial use stage of the customer relationship.
The FCA expects regulated firms to take time to understand what Vulnerable Customers might need from a
product or a service or how they might be affected by changes to an existing product or service. The FCA will
also expect Cash App to consider and potentially test the impact Cash App has on Vulnerable Customers.
Cash App typically conducts research with existing and prospective customers at different stages of the
product development process. Research participants are typically engaged:
1. Prior to the product design and build stage, in order to understand customer needs and how a
proposed product can serve them;
2. During the design stage, in order to ensure that a product is being built for ease of use and
understanding; and,
3. After a new product launch in order to evaluate the product’s impact on customers’ lives and
financial objectives.
These learnings, together with customer insights from other sources such as Data Science, Customer
Support, and complaints data inform the decisions made in the design and development of Cash App’s
products to ensure they address customers’ needs,
Any new proposed product or service (or significant enhancement of an existing product or service) must
adhere to the new product approval policy and be brought to the attention of Cash App’s Consumer Duty
Champion, by the Product Team, at the earliest stage of development, who will ensure that the needs of all
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
customers, particularly Vulnerable Customers, are being considered. The Consumer Duty Champion may
designate authority for overseeing this process to a delegate with relevant consumer protection expertise.
Products and their features must be tested internally and in staging environments before product rollout to
the general audience, to ensure the product is fit for customers' needs. Any queries or feedback raised by
customers to the Staff should be communicated back to the relevant teams and integrated into future
product development, to maximise customer experience and treatment.
4.5 Customer Service & Communication
A customer’s vulnerability is to be taken into account by customer support advocates and handled in
accordance with established procedures designed to ensure that the customer receives similar outcomes to
those without such vulnerabilities.
The primary channel whereby Cash App is capable of determining that a customer is vulnerable or where
customers are able to tell Cash App about a potential area of vulnerability is through Cash App’s in-app
support channel. Where customers divulge information of vulnerability, these records are to be retained for
future access in accordance with recordkeeping requirements, in order to ensure that the customer receives
appropriate support and does not need to repeat their circumstances at a later date.
4.6 Data Review & Ongoing Compliance Monitoring
The FCA requires Cash App to implement appropriate processes to evaluate whether it has met the needs of
Vulnerable Customers and to make improvements if required. In order to do this, Cash App requires
up-to-date management information (“MI”) on the outcomes it is delivering for Vulnerable Customers.
Cash App is required to review MI on at least a quarterly basis in order to ensure that it is delivering good
outcomes for Vulnerable Customers. Such MI may include:
● Complaints data, such as:
○ Service level success rates;
○ Trend analysis on consumer complaints including a focus on any particular process
failings (e.g., whether some screens in the app are harder to find than others, password
resets, etc.);
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Resolution success rates;
○ Financial Ombudsman Service complaints data;
○ Social media complaints; and,
● Online reviews;
● Compliance reports;
● Results of any testing of the experiences of Vulnerable Customers through processes such as
auditing, focus groups, and deep dives;
● Insights from organisations with an understanding of the lived experience of Vulnerable
Customers such as consumer bodies, charities, and other third-sector organisations;
● Staff feedback on where they think processes for Vulnerable Customers could be improved; and,
● Reviews of the processes and policies for effectiveness in the fair treatment of Vulnerable
Customers;
● Any other data deemed relevant and helpful in determining if good outcomes are being achieved.
4.7 Building a Culture of Treating Vulnerable Customers Fairly
Cash App is dedicated to fostering a culture of treating all customers fairly, and is committed to the
following in the service of Vulnerable Customers:
● Appointing a Consumer Duty Champion and a Consumer Protection Manager to provide
dedicated support and expertise to colleagues;
● Ensuring that appropriate, regular, and mandatory training is provided for relevant Staff to
ensure that they are aware of this Policy and able to recognise vulnerability indicators and
respond appropriately to individual customer's needs;
● Establishing and implementing processes to ensure relevant Staff are able to record and access
information about customers’ needs; and
● Ensuring Staff have access to additional support and the ability to escalate cases that require
additional review.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Cash App UK Head of Compliance or their designee.
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training upon joining Cash App and a refresher at least annually, covering
applicable requirements and guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are
monitored by the Compliance Team.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, Compliance will monitor Policy related activities to evaluate adherence to the Policy
and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy,
provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and regulations. Policy
exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description
of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any
approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any
approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp.
The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Management and applicable committees, as needed, of
exceptions.
9. Recordkeeping
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with Cash App regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
In accordance with standard recordkeeping requirements, Cash App is required to retain all documents and
records associated with individual customers for at least six years from the date that Cash App’s relationship
ends with the customer. In the event that any record is to be retained for a timescale greater than the
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
minimum requirement (i.e., in the event of a regulatory request), such request must be documented in
accordance with relevant recordkeeping requirements.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy SEL Consumer Protection Policy
Related References:
Regulation Name FCA Fair Treatment of Vulnerable Customer
Regulation Name FCA Consumer Duty
11. Revision and Approval History
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Elizabeth Henry Head of Initial Approval Created the Policy July, 2023
Compliance
of Cash App
UK
SEL Board of Board Initial Approval Approval of the July 12, 2023
Directors policy
Elizabeth Henry Head of Material Chan… Added general July 24, 2024
Compliance vulnerability
of Cash APP characteristics of
UK our target market
to ensure a more
comprehensive
understanding of
our customer base.
SEL Board of Board Scheduled Re… Same as row above September 23,
Directors 2024
Ryan Goldstone UK Head of Scheduled Re… No changes May 28, 2025
Compliance
and MLRO
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
SEL Board of Board Scheduled Re… No changes July 2, 2025
Directors
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [UK]
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App UK Head of Compliance
Last Approval Date July 2, 2025
Effective Date July 2, 2025
Approved By SEL Board of Directors
Document Review Schedule Annually (July 2026)
Vulnerable Customer Policy | Cash App UK
14