Consumer Protection Policy
Square | Squareup International Limited
Last Approved: Mar 30, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 30, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: The Consumer Protection Policy (“Policyˮ) was established by
Squareup International Limited (“SILˮ) as part of its duties as a regulated electronic money
institution authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland (“CBIˮ). The primary purpose of the Policy is to
facilitate the SIL Board (“the Boardˮ) dissemination of its responsibilities and controls with a view
to mitigating Consumer Protection Risk, to ensure Consumersʼ interests are protected within the
boundaries of SILʼs risk appetite and to align with regulatory guidance. The objectives of the Policy
is to disseminate consumer protection principles throughout SIL, outline responsibilities for
consumer protection, and promote a consumer-centric culture. This Policy is an integral part of
SILʼs risk management framework.
Scope: This Policy is established by SIL and is applicable to all SIL Staff and to outsourced service
providers as listed in SILʼs Third Party Service Register. It is vital that all those in scope are aware
of, and are committed to complying with the requirements set out in this Policy and the applicable
Consumer Protection laws and regulations.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Complaint An expression of dissatisfaction by an individual, business entity, or
someone authorised to act on their behalf, with a SIL product, process,
service, decision, or interaction in which a response or resolution is explicitly
or implicitly requested. Complaints may also include allegations that SIL
engaged in wrongful or suspicious conduct.
Note: Potential Consumers can make a complaint to SIL.
Conflicts of A Conflict of Interest is a situation where one or more persons or entities
Interest have competing interests and the serving of one interest may involve
detriment to another.
1

A Conflict of Interest includes both an actual Conflict of Interest (i.e. a
Conflict of Interest that has arisen) and a potential Conflict of Interest (i.e. a
Conflict of Interest that may arise given particular facts and circumstances).
It also includes a perceived Conflict of Interest (i.e. a situation which may
give rise to the perception of a Conflict of Interest), even where a Conflict of
Interest may not in fact exist.
Consumer(s), or For the purposes of this Policy Consumer(s) are defined as SIL Square
Squareup merchants that are receiving regulated services (i.e. payment processing) in
International Ireland, including where appropriate former and potential consumers 1 2
Limited SILʼs
Consumer(s)
Consumer A mistake caused by a person, system issue or process gap that has
Impacting Errors impacted or may potentially impact negatively on the SIL Consumer. It can
(“Errorsˮ) also result in either a financial or reputational loss for the Company.
Consumer The risk SIL poses to its SIL Consumers through its direct interaction with
Protection Risk them as well as the risk posed to SIL Consumers stemming from SILʼs
strategy, business model, culture, governance, internal structures, systems
and processes and behaviours.
First Line of First Line of Defence (“1LODˮ): Departmental management and staff
Defence responsible for identifying and managing consumer protection risk within
their areas of accountability. Controls ensure that risk management and
compliance are embedded in all relevant decisions and operations.This
includes such functions as Marketing, Sales, Customer Success, Compliance
Operations, Credit and Fraud Risk Operations and and Complaints
Management.
Record A Record means any document, file or information (whether stored
electronically or otherwise) and which is capable of being reproduced in a
legible form.
Second Line of Second Line of Defence (“2LODˮ): The Risk and Compliance teams develop
Defence and monitor the implementation of the ERMF. They support the first line of
defence in executing risk management
responsibilities, ensuring consistency in risk application and measurement.
Staff All full-time and part-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers
including interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and
contractors.
Consumer in A consumer that is a natural person and whose personal circumstances,
Vulnerable whether permanent or temporary, make that consumer especially
Circumstances susceptible to harm, particularly where a regulated entity is not acting with
1 A cohort of SILʼs Square merchants in Spain that receive regulated services in Spain are afforded certain consumer
protection rights. Please see Appendix A Squareup International Spanish Consumer Protection Requirements for further
details.
2 SILʼs Square merchants in France do not fall under the definition of Consumer and therefore this Policy
does not apply to merchants based in France.
2

the appropriate levels of care. Vulnerable circumstances means the personal
circumstances that make someone vulnerable, as described above.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Regulatory Requirements
The following is an overview of the key conduct and consumer protection related regulations and
guidance applicable to SIL.
Consumer Protection Code 2025 (‘the Codeʼ)
The Code consists of the two regulations: the Standards for Business Regulations, which set out key
principles that govern the Code; and the Consumer Protection Regulations, which set out detailed
conduct of business rules. SIL must follow the applicable requirements within the Code when
providing financial products and services to Consumers in Ireland. In general, these consumer
protection requirements should be applied proportionately, with a focus on delivering fair Consumer
outcomes.
Guidance to Support the Implementation of the CodeThere are three sets of CBI guidance
documents to support the implementation of the Codeʼs requirements.
1. Guidance on Securing Consumersʼ Interests sets out what SIL needs to consider, the
actions to be taken and importantly the mindset SIL should have towards our Consumers,
to effectively comply with our obligations under the Standards for Business to secure
consumersʼ interests.
2. Guidance on Protecting Consumers in Vulnerable Circumstances sets out the approach to
vulnerability under the Code, and expectations as to how to meet the relevant obligations
under the Code. It acts as a support to firms in adopting the right mindset and culture to
effectively support Consumers in Vulnerable Circumstances.
3. General Code Guidance helps in the implementation of the broader requirements of the
Code.
Consumer Protection Risk Assessment (‘CPRAʼ)
The PRA model is used by the CBI to assess how firms are managing the risks they pose to
Consumers and to ensure firms have appropriate risk management frameworks to deliver the right
Consumer outcomes. The CPRA model also forms the basis of SILʼs Consumer Protection Risk
Management Framework.
Payment Services Directive
Council Directive 2015/2366/EC, the Payment Services Directive 2 (“PSD2ˮ) is an EU Directive,
administered by the European Commission to regulate payment services throughout the European
Union and European Economic Area. The conduct rules set out in PSD2 include transparency of
3

conditions and information requirements. Such requirements are designed to ensure that payment
service providers provide merchants with clear information that is proportionate to their needs to
enable them to make well informed choices within the payment services market. PSD2 also sets out
the rights and obligations in relation to the provision and use of payment services. It regulates the
authorisation and execution of payment transactions, the ability to impose charges, requirements
relating to refunds, and requirements relating to non-execution or defective or late execution of
payment transactions as well as complaints requirements.
2.2. Elements of SILʼs Consumer Protection Risk Management Framework
SILʼs framework for consumer protection risk management, available here, is designed to mitigate
consumer protection risk in line with SILʼs Risk Appetite Statement. It is a living document and should
be reviewed periodically. An image depicting the framework is below.
2.3. Standards for Business - Key Principles
SIL must at all times:
(a) secure its Consumersʼ interests. This applies to SIL in its overall conduct of its affairs, and is
central to its relationship with its Consumers. Read here for more details;
4

(b) act honestly and with integrity. For example SIL must appropriately manage Conflicts of Interest
as per Blockʼs Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and SILʼs Conflict of Interest Policy; allow
Consumers to make free informed decisions without pressure; Staff must operate without bias and
must protect SILʼs and its Consumersʼ assets and information from misuse.
(c) act with due skill, care and diligence. For example Leads and managers must have appropriate
knowledge of activities for which they are responsible and the associated risks; SIL must comply
with all applicable financial services legislation.
(d) act in the best interests of Consumers and treat them fairly and professionally. This means SIL
must provide clear, relevant information to Consumers in a timely manner; gather necessary
Consumer information and assess their needs and circumstances; be transparent about the
advantages and disadvantages of SILʼs offerings; unfair treatment must be avoided; and maintain
reasonable access by Consumers to our services.
(e) inform Consumers effectively. For example material features of SILʼs regulated services must be
reasonably understandable and key information must be brought to the Consumersʼ attention, such
as our fees. SILʼs approach to communication should be less about simply providing information to
meet SILʼs regulatory disclosure obligations and more about seeking to support practical
understanding by the Consumer. See here for more details;
(f) implement reasonable systems and controls to protect Consumers SIL is contracted with, from
financial abuse.SIL has a suite of fraud controls to counter financial abuse to include fraud detection
and prevention programs, fraud risk policy and procedures, automated learning models, account
take over procedures and ongoing account monitoring program. Protection of SIL Consumersʼ from
financial abuse is also achieved by: appropriately monitoring financial abuse trends affecting SILʼs
Consumers and SILʼs sector, which SIL engages industry bodies to understand industry trends and
has internal dashboards and monitoring systems in place to track abuse trends relevant to SILʼs
Consumers; monitoring potential service/channel vulnerabilities and having escalation processes for
heightened risk; promptly notifying Consumers of any known digital frauds or deception schemes
affecting SIL or its sector, for example in the case of buyer fraud; clearly communicating available
support options and steps for Consumers experiencing financial abuse directly connected to SILʼs
affairs. SIL has processes in place for communicating with and providing guidance to its Consumers
when chargebacks are received or where they are victims of buyer fraud.
(g) control and manage its affairs and systems sustainably, responsibly and in a sound and prudent
manner. For example, SIL is to have appropriate resources and controls to meet its regulatory
requirements; Staff must be trained on relevant legal and regulatory requirements; tasks must be
properly delegated with effective oversight within the firm; there must be effective management of
outsourcing risks; and Consumersʼ funds must be adequately safeguarded.
(h) maintain adequate financial resources; For example SIL must establish and implement systems
and controls, processes, policies and procedures for the purpose of ensuring that it maintains
adequate financial resources.
(i) engage and cooperate with the CBI and other competent authorities in good faith and without
delay. This includes promptly notifying the CBI of matters it would reasonably expect to be disclosed
5

e.g. information relevant to the commission of an offence or any breach of financial services
legislation by SIL or a person performing a controlled function in relation to SIL. A non-exhaustive
list of matters to be disclosed to the CBI can be found at Appendix B. SIL must facilitate appropriate
reporting to SIL management and to the CBI of such matters as well as any matter that adversely
affects the activities or interests of SIL, our Consumers, or the financial services system.
Securing Consumersʼ Interests
SIL secures its Consumersʼ interest by:
(a) ensuring all business operations (including culture, strategy, business model, decisionmaking,
systems, and controls) take into account its Consumersʼ interests;
(b) acting in ways that Consumers would reasonably expect;
(c) considering Consumersʼ interests when designing financial services, and delivery methods,
including how any innovations or commercial decisions might affect Consumers;
(d) not designing its financial services to unfairly exploit Consumersʼ behaviours, habits, preferences
or biases leading to Consumer detriment. For example, SIL should: respond appropriately to
Consumersʼ behaviour patterns; use technology to benefit, not exploit its Consumersʼ interest or
increase an imbalance between SIL and its Consumers. The unfair exploitation of one cohort of
Consumers cannot be justified by securing the interests of another cohort.
(e) handle all Consumer complaints efficiently, fairly and promptly;
(f) resolving errors and mistakes affecting Consumers efficiently, fairly and promptly and disclosing
errors and mistakes to Consumers affected in a timely manner;
(g) ensuring errors and mistakes identified for one Consumer that may reasonably have affected
other Consumers are resolved for all affected Consumers efficiently, fairly and in a timely manner;
(h) making clear distinctions between regulated and unregulated financial activities (if and when SIL
provides any unregulated financial services), ensuring Consumers understand which protections
apply to different services.
(i) delivering fair outcomes for Consumers.
2.4. Overview of Consumer Protection Requirements
Contacting Consumers
Contacting SIL Consumers is a key part of SIL's business model. SIL has aCustomer Communication
Standard ( see go/policy ) and procedures in place that Staff must follow throughout the sale and
post sale process when contacting SIL Consumers. SILʼs data protection statement also plays a key
role in ensuring compliance with contact requirements.
6

Sales Process
SIL Consumers are provided with clear information and be kept appropriately informed before,
during and after the point of sale of a regulated service to them. Sales aids, training and procedures
support appropriate sales practices and ensure key product and service features are clearly
explained, enabling SILʼs Consumers to make informed decisions.
Protecting Consumers in Vulnerable Circumstances
SIL is not expected to identify all Consumers in Vulnerable Circumstances, or to categorise or label
Consumers as such. SIL is expected to understand and take account of the drivers of vulnerability
that are relevant to its business, and design systems, processes, procedures and safeguards to
support and protect Consumers in Vulnerable Circumstances from poor outcomes e.g. staff are
trained to identify and understand those circumstances relevant to SILʼs business that may make
consumers vulnerable.
SIL understands, supports, and protects Consumers in Vulnerable Circumstances in the responsible
delivery of its products and services. In doing so SIL has regard to the needs of its Consumer base
and the nature and scale of characteristics of vulnerabilities that may arise within it. SIL recognises
that vulnerability can be temporary, permanent or fluctuating. When Consumer facing staff become
aware that a Consumer is in a vulnerable circumstance, they will respond appropriately to the
Consumerʼs needs, by providing reasonable arrangements or assistance, in order to treat them fairly.
All Consumers are at risk of becoming vulnerable and this risk is increased by characteristics of
vulnerability related to four key drivers.
SIL has “Assisting Customers in Vulnerable Circumstancesˮ processes and related procedures in
place which provide more information to include examples of the types of circumstances and
characteristics under these four drivers, and guidance on how to identify vulnerable circumstances.
If Staff are experiencing difficulties in accessing, recording, or supporting Consumers in Vulnerable
Circumstances, they must contact their Leads in the first instance. Leads can reach out to their local
compliance team for additional support.
7

Product and Service Design:
SILʼs Consumer, including those in vulnerable circumstances , is considered at stages of the product
and service design, including decisions on mode of delivery, idea generation, assessment of
suitability, development, testing, launch and review, to make sure products and services meet their
needs.
SIL does not design its financial services in a way that exploits consumer behaviours, habits,
preferences or biases or leads to Consumer detriment. SIL does not take advantage of any
imbalance of information, expertise or time between it and its Consumers, where this could result in
poor Consumer outcomes.
Material changes to SILʼs products, services or delivery channels are subject to appropriate review,
including consideration of the impact on Consumer outcomes. Consumers and in particular
Consumers in Vulnerable Circumstances, are supported through these changes, with clear and
effective communication and appropriate processes. SIL applies internal product governance and
approval to support these requirements.
Informing Effectively:
SIL ensures that Consumer communications enable Consumers to reasonably understand the
material features of its financial services and support informed decision-making. Communications
are tailored, where appropriate, to the needs and characteristics of the target audience, and are
clear, accurate, up to date and written in plain language, avoiding unnecessary technical terms. Key
information is clearly highlighted and brought to the Consumerʼs attention. Information is provided
through appropriate channels and at relevant points in the Consumer and product lifecycle, including
where changes occur. SIL tests and reviews its communications to ensure they remain effective.
Further detail is set out in the SIL Customer Communication Standard.
Digitalisation
SILʼs digital platforms (i.e. website and Square app) must be designed to be easy to use, understand
and navigate, and are tested to ensure this is the case. SIL Provides guidance on how to use and
navigate the onboarding flow to include details where further support and assistance can be found.
As with all delivery methods, SIL ensures that the use of technology is not applied in a way that
would seek to exploit the behaviours, habits, preferences or biases of Consumers where it has the
potential to cause them detriment. When Consumer specific information is only accessible through
SIL provided systems, SIL must notify Consumers at least 15 business days before withdrawing
Consumersʼ access to these systems. The notification should state when and how the relevant
information can be retained by the Consumer prior to the withdrawal of access.
Post Sales Handling
SIL Consumers do not face unreasonable post-sale barriers in making a complaint or switching
provider. This outcome is achieved through:
● Adequately training of Consumer facing staff;
8

● Monitoring of post sales activities to identify any potential unsuitable product or service or
unfair Consumer outcomes, via monitoring;
● SILʼs complaints management program and reporting; and
● Seller Support Centre and squareup.com provides guidance and updates for SIL
Consumers. Front line advocates are updated on recent product changes, incidents
(internally referred to as SEVs), policy changes, etc to ensure that the correct and up to
date information is provided when interacting with SIL Consumers.
Consumer Complaints
It is SILʼs policy to ensure all Complaints are identified and resolved in an effective manner including
complaints which are handled by outsourced service providers in the first instance, for example
through Business Process Outsourcing (“BPOˮ) services. Additionally, SIL complies with legal,
regulatory, and contractual requirements governing the handling of SIL Consumer complaints arising
from the financial products and services offered by SIL.
Block has implemented a Global Complaints Program to establish a standardised complaint
management framework in support of the Global Complaint Policy. This program provides guiding
principles for the development and management of the first line of defence complaint programs.
This section of this Policy sets out the local regulatory requirements to be adhered to with respect to
Complaints, which supplements the Block Global Complaints Program and the Block Global
Complaints Policy.
These local regulatory requirements only apply to complaints about regulated products and services
provided or offered by SIL and complaints about the failure or refusal of SIL to provide such products
or services to a SIL Consumer (collectively described as “Regulated Complaintsˮ). Regulated
Complaints involve issues concerning or relating to financial services (i.e. payments processing). For
Square, Regulated Complaints could involve issues like deactivation of accounts, frozen funds,
fraud, or anything else to do with the processing, settlement of or access to sellerʼs funds. Other
examples of Regulated Complaints are complaints about the marketing and sale of, provision of
information about or the Consumer service relating to payment processing.
All other complaints should be handled in accordance withBlockʼsGlobal Complaints Program and
Policy.
Complaints about regulated products and services “Regulated Complaintsˮ
First and foremost, SIL must seek to resolve any Regulated Complaint with its SIL Consumers.
If an oral or written Regulated Complaint has been resolved to the complainantʼs satisfaction within
five business days, the below requirements do not apply. A record of such a complaint must be kept
e.g. the date the complaint was made, the date the complaint was resolved, summary details of the
Regulatory Complaint and root cause of the Regulatory Complaint.
When SIL receives an oral or a written Regulated Complaint, which cannot be resolved within five
business days, SIL offers the SIL Consumer the opportunity to have this handled in accordance with
SILʼs complaints process.
9

SILʼs Complaints process includes a documented procedure for the proper handling of Regulated
Complaints. At a minimum this procedure must provide that SIL must::
● Acknowledge each Regulated Complaint in writing (paper or other durable medium) within
five business days of receipt.
● Provide the complainant with the name of one or more individuals who will act as their point
of contact until the complaint is resolved or can no longer be progressed.
● Provide details of the complaints procedure, when the complaint may be referred to the
relevant ombudsman, and the ombudsman’s contact details in the acknowledgement.
● Issue a final response within 15 business days of receipt. In exceptional circumstances, this
may be extended to 35 business days (or 30 business days for Spanish Complaints — see
Appendix A). If the 35-business-day timeline is exceeded, SIL must seek to investigate and
resolve the complaint within 40 business days of receipt.
● Within five business days of the completion of the investigation of a Regulated Complaint,
issue a final response.
The content of the final response (to be issued within five business days of completing the
investigation)must include:
● The outcome of the investigation.
● Where applicable, details of any offer or settlement.
● Confirmation that the SIL Consumer may refer the matter to the relevant ombudsman (Irish
or Spanish, as applicable; no French ombudsman applies) and provide ombudsman contact
details.
SIL maintains an up-to-date log of all Regulated Complaints from SIL Consumers subject to the
complaints procedure. This log must contain:
● Details of each Regulatory Complaint;
● The date the Regulatory Complaint was received;
● A summary of the regulated entityʼs response(s) including dates;
● Details of any other relevant correspondence or Records;
● The action taken to resolve each Regulatory Complaint;
● The date the Regulatory Complaint was resolved; and
● Where relevant, the current status of the Regulatory Complaint which has been referred to
the relevant ombudsman.
SIL maintains up to date and comprehensive Records for each Regulatory Complaint received from a
SIL Consumer.
SIL undertakes an appropriate analysis of the rate of occurrence and the patterns of Regulated
Complaints from SIL Consumers on a regular basis (at least every six months) including investigating
whether Regulated Complaints indicate an isolated issue or a more widespread issue for SIL
Consumers. This analysis of SIL Consumer Regulated Complaints must be escalated to the
Compliance function and Senior Management as well as the Board of Directors.
Consumer Impacting Errors
10

All Staff are encouraged to report issues that fall within the SIL Consumer Impacting Error (“Errorsˮ)
definition set out in this Policy. The reporting of Errors is seen as an opportunity to improve SILʼs
processes and controls and is used as a learning experience across SIL.
SIL has embedded a programme of activities and a culture that seeks to identify, control, mitigate
against, monitor and report on Errors. When Errors occur, SIL remediates and rectifies the Error
without delay. SIL ensures that SIL Consumers are treated fairly and are put back in the position they
would have been had the Error not occurred. SIL takes responsibility for all Errors that occur
throughout the course of its business with SIL Consumers. To achieve these requirements, SIL has
governance arrangements in place for the appropriate and effective handling of Errors.
These arrangements include the provision for:
● Proper identification of all Errors;
● Identification of the potential impact of the Error on Consumers and the number of all
potentially affected Consumers; ;
● Identification and documentation of the root cause;
● Proper control of the correction process;
● Timely escalation of Errors to Compliance/Enterprise Risk functions and Senior
Management.
● Proper oversight of the handling of Errors; and
● Timely detection, classification and escalation of significant Errors to the Board of Directors
(i.e.Errors of such scale, significance and nature that the Board ought to be made aware of)
SIL undertakes an appropriate analysis of the rate of occurrence, aggregated information on the
volume of errors handled and resolved and the patterns of Errors on a regular basis (at least every
six months) including investigating the causes.This analysis must be escalated to the Compliance
function and Senior Management as well as the Board of Directors.
All Errors must be resolved speedily and no later than 6 months after the Error was first
discovered.A resolution plan must be in place to resolve the Error within this timeframe ensuring that:
● System failures are corrected and implemented;
● Preventative controls are in place to ensure non-recurrence;
● Refunds are paid back to Consumers (if the Error relates to overcharging);
● All affected Consumers (both current and former) are promptly notified of the Error and
resolution;
● If reasonable refund attempts are exhausted but unsuccessful, SIL must not benefit from
the refund amount and shall pay the amount plus appropriate interest when the Consumer
claims it;
● A central repository of all Errors must be in place and monitored on a regular basis; and
● A record of steps taken to refund and to resolve Errors is to be kept to include steps taken
when Consumers are dissatisfied with the outcome, there are difficulties contacting
affecting Consumers, and when the refund could not be repaid.
Advertising to SIL Consumers
11

SIL produces advertising that is ‘clear, fair, accurate and not misleadingʼ as this is one of the
overarching principles of the advertising requirements of the Code. Appropriate governance of all
aspects of product development, promotion, distribution and post-sale services is undertaken to
ensure SIL Consumers are protected and that there is full compliance with the letter and spirit of
applicable rules. SIL ensures marketing and advertisements describe the product or service in a
clear, fair and not-misleading way.
Conflicts of Interest
SIL is committed to maintaining the highest standards of conduct in all aspects of its business and
aims to treat Consumers fairly at all times. SIL has aConflicts of Interest policy in place, which
provides a clear statement of the standards around identifying, documenting, escalating and
managing or preventing Conflicts of Interest.
As a member of the Block Inc. Group, SIL is subject to the Block, Inc. Global Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics (“the Code of Business Conductˮ). This Policy and SILʼs Conflicts of Interest
Policy should be read in connection with the Code of Business Conduct and Global Policy and if
there is any conflict between the Code of Business Conduct, the Global Policy and applicable local
law, the most restrictive requirement must be followed. Conflicts of Interest can be disclosed via
go/disclose.
Disclosure Statements
SIL is required to set out its regulatory disclosure statement in communications regarding its
regulated activity on all business stationary, advertisements, sections of the website/app that relate
to the regulated activity and electronic communications.
For the avoidance of doubt “regulated activitiesˮ are defined under the Code as the provision of
products or services that are provided in Ireland by SIL and which are subject to the regulation of the
CBI i.e payment processing.
Regulated firms must differentiate between their regulated activities and unregulated financial
activities. This requirement does not apply to SIL, as SIL does not provide unregulated financial
services. Nevertheless, in keeping with the spirit of Code, and to enhance Consumersʼ
understanding, SIL maintains its standard regulatory disclosure statement and it is to be
supplemented by an additional disclosure statement regarding SILʼs unregulated non-financial
activities. This additional disclosure statement is to be included in communications that relate to SILʼs
regulated activities, on all business stationary, sections of the website/app and electronic
communications.
No regulatory disclosure statement is required in SMS messages where the content does not provide
details of our regulated activities.
12

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● SILʼs Board of Directors (“SIL Boardˮ):
○ Promotes the culture of compliance, positive SIL Consumer outcomes and provides
challenge and direction to SIL, on the delivery of the Consumer strategy and the
management of Consumer Protection Risk.
● SILʼs Regulatory Governance Committee:
○ Reviews any escalated Consumer Protection Risk concerns, and consumer
protection key risk indicators and management information.
● Outsourcing & Resilience Oversight Committee (“OROCˮ):
○ Oversees all outsourcing services provided to SIL (including intragroup and
third-party arrangements) to include call centres, communication facilities, and
complaints handling. The committee escalates relevant matters to the Regulatory
Governance Committee on a monthly basis.
● Chief Operations Officer (“COOˮ):
○ Leads the consumer protection effort and has overall responsibility for the
execution of the Consumer Protection Policy. The COO has the ability to escalate
matters to the Regulatory Governance Committee and the Board if required.
○ The COO is responsible for:
■ Ensuring all aspects of the Consumer Protection Policy are implemented within
SIL;
■ Overseeing the management and mitigation of Consumer Protection Risk;
■ Reporting material risk to Senior Management and the Board;
■ and,
■ Ensuring a culture of compliance is promoted across SILʼs business.
● SILʼs Senior Management:
○ Have responsibility for:
■ Effectively identifying Consumer Protection Risk in their respective areas and
engaging in mitigating such risks.
■ Informing Compliance, Enterprise Risk and Internal Audit of any concerns
regarding consumer protection that are relevant to these functions in
performing their duties.
■ Understanding consumer protection and embedding and maintaining business
processes and controls in the daily operations of the business.
■ Assisting the business with promoting and embedding a Consumer centric
culture.
■ Tracking and understanding SIL Consumer feedback relating to their
■ function and taking appropriate action on same;
■ Ensuring that there is an appropriate and complete resolution of Consumer
Impacting Errors and complaints relating to their function.
● Staff:
○ Are responsible for complying with this Consumer Protection Policy in their relevant
business activities, ensuring that SIL Consumers are adequately protected and that
13

any concerns in relation to consumer protection are identified, managed, and
reported.
● Compliance:
○ Has oversight of this Policy and is responsible for monitoring compliance with it.
Compliance provides independent challenge on Consumer Protection Risk issues.
Compliance challenges, supports and guides the business in the identification of
Consumer Protection Risk issues.
● Enterprise Risk:
○ Responsible for the assessment, monitoring and reporting on regulatory risk, to
include Consumer Protection Risk, on a quarterly basis. The output of such a
review is the Quarterly Risk Register, which is reported to the SIL Board on the
same cadence.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
provides regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements, to include applicable data protection laws
3.5. Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
14

with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy] Owner.
Review related documents:
● Helping Vulnerable Consumers Process
● SILʼs Conflicts of Interest Policy
● Block, Inc. Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
NA Cash Direct Creation Initial Draft August 2021
Customer
Success Lead;
CS operations
Lead;
Seller Complaints
Management
Lead;
Sales Lead;
Head of Account
Management
Marketing Lead;
International Cash
15

Product Manager
International
Seller Product
Manager
Hardware)
NA SIL Board Initial Appro… Initial Draft December 16,
2021
Derek Corcoran EU Chief Scheduled R… Ownership October 2022
Operations changed and
Officer narrowed to EU
COO
NA SIL Board Scheduled R… Ownership December 13,
changed and 2022
narrowed to EU
COO
Elizabeth He… EU Chief Scheduled R… Ownership November 7,
Compliance changed to EU 2023
Officer CCO
Amalgamation of
this policy and
SILʼs Consumer
Protection
Framework
Expansion of
Vulnerable
Customer and
Complaints
section, to be
more granular in
detail.
Format more
aligned with the
CRPA model.
NA SIL Board Scheduled R… Ownership December 7,
changed to EU 2023
CCO
Amalgamation of
this policy and
SILʼs Consumer
Protection
Framework
Expansion of
16

Vulnerable
Customer and
Complaints
section, to be
more granular in
detail.
Format more
aligned with the
CRPA model.
Elizabeth He… EU Chief Scheduled R… No material November 12,
Compliance changes made. 2024
Officer Terms and
phrases updated
to ensure
consistency of
use throughout
the document.
NA SIL Board Scheduled R… No material December 11,
changes made. 2024
Terms and
phrases updated
to ensure
consistency of
use throughout
the document.
Elizabeth He… EU Chief Scheduled R… New policy March 12, 2026
Compliance template;
Officer Update
definitions and
governance
references;
Inclusion of
Standards for
Business
(introduced by
new CPC;
Updates and
references to
newly created
policies,
procedures,
programs etc, in
the areas of:
Consumer
Protection Risk
Management
Framework,
Consumers in
17

vulnerable
circumstances,
and
Product and
Service Design;
New sections on
Informing
effectively and
Digitalisation
Enhancements to
Complaints,
Errors, and
Disclosure
Statement
sections
N/A SIL Board Scheduled R… Scheduled review Mar 30, 2026
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner EU Chief Compliance Officer
Approved By SIL Board
Document Tier Tier 2
18

Appendix A
Squareup International Spanish Consumer Protection Requirements
1 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Squareup International Limited (herein referred to as SIL is a regulated electronic money institution
authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland (“CBIˮ). Council Directive 2015/2366/EC, the Payment
Services Directive 2 (“PSD2ˮ) set out the principle of a single authorisation for payment
institutions.
This provides that a firm may provide the services for which it is authorised in its Home State (i.e.
Ireland in the case of SIL throughout the EU through the free provision of services on a cross
border basis (i.e. without establishing a permanent presence).
SIL is so authorised, and it can provide the services for which it is authorised by the CBI, to Square
merchants in Spain. The CBI is responsible for regulating SILʼs activity in both Ireland and Spain,
however it is the Spanish, as opposed to the Irish, consumer protection requirements that apply to
SILʼs Spanish merchants.
The purpose of this appendix is to give an overview of the Spanish specific consumer protection
requirements relevant to SIL (see Regulatory Requirements Section below).
2 REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
The following is an overview of the key Spanish conduct and consumer protection related
regulations applicable to SIL.
Law 3/1991 of 10 January on Unfair Competition ("LUC") sets out prohibited practices including
misleading publicity, unfair comparative publicity, deception, confusion, aggressive practices
(including aggressive publicity), denigration, imitation, violation of secrets and in general any
action that is not carried out in good faith.
In general, any behaviour that is objectively contrary to the requirements of good faith is
considered unfair. Unfair practices include any commercial practice, including comparative
advertising, which overall give rise to confusion, including the risk of association, with any goods
or services, trademarks, trade names or other distinguishing marks of a competitor, and they are
liable to affect the economic behaviour of consumers and users.
The regulatory requirements pertaining to the handling of consumer complaints are the same in
Ireland and in Spain, with two exceptions. Order ECO/734/2004, of March 11 on Departments and
Customer Complaint Services sets out that a Spanish complainant must be made aware of their
19

right to make a complaint to the Spanish ombudsman (as opposed to the Irish ombudsman). Also
the final complaint response must be provided no later than 30 business days after the complaint is
received (as opposed to 35 business days for an Irish complaint) .
Order ECE/1263/2019 sets out the transparency obligations related to the pre-contractual,
contractual and post-contractual information to be provided to applicable SILʼs Spanish merchants.
These requirements do not represent net new requirements for SIL over and above the Irish and EU
requirements applicable to SIL.
3 APPLICATION
The above mentioned regulatory requirements apply to both consumers and micro-enterprise.
SILʼs Square Merchants do not fall under the definition of consumer*.
However, a significant cohort of SILʼs Square Merchants do fall under the definition of a “micro -
enterprisesˮ. A "micro-enterprise" is defined as an enterprise, being both a natural person
engaged in a trade or business and a legal person, which at the date of conclusion of the payment
service contract employs fewer than ten persons and whose annual turnover or annual balance
sheet total does not exceed EUR 2 million.
Consumer is defined as a natural person who in the context of the payment service is acting for
purposes other than his or her trade, business or profession.
Appendix B
Below are examples of information the CBI would reasonably expect notice of:
Information relevant to, or giving rise to a suspicion or expectation of, any of the following:
i. commission of an offence by the regulated firm or a person performing a controlled function in
relation to it;
ii. commission of a prescribed contravention or any other breach of obligations under financial
services legislation by the regulated financial service provider or a person performing a controlled
function in relation to it;
iii. Concealment or deliberate destruction of evidence relating to a matter referred to in
subparagraph (i) or (ii);
iv. provision of false or misleading information to the Bank relating to a matter referred to in
subparagraph (i) or (ii);
20

v. obstruction or impeding of an investigation relating to a matter referred to in subparagraph (i) or
(ii);
vi. commencement of legal proceedings by or against the regulated financial service provider
arising from its obligations under financial services legislation;
vii. commencement of legal proceedings against the regulated financial service provider which
may impact on its ability to continue to trade;
viii. anything that may otherwise interfere significantly with the operation of the regulated financial
service provider or its compliance with its obligations under financial services legislation;
ix. a decision by the regulated financial service provider to cease to provide financial services of a
particular description.
21