○
Fair Debt Collection
Practices Act Policy
Cash App (U.S) | Lending Product |
Block, Inc.
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Cash App’s U.S.
business operations and on a need-to-know basis.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 6
3. Scope 6
4. Policy Requirements 6
4.1 Policy Statement 6
4.2 FDCPA Policy Requirements 7
5. Document Management 12
5.1 Document Owner 12
5.2 Review and Approval 12
6. Training 12
7. Monitoring and Reporting 12
8. Exceptions 13
9. Record Retention 13
10. Related Documentation or References 13
11. Revision and Approval History 14
12. Document Details 14
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Attempt to Any act to initiate a communication or other contact about a Debt with any
Communicate person through any medium, including by soliciting a response from such
person. An attempt to communicate includes leaving a limited-content
message.
Consumer Any natural person, whether living or deceased, obligated or allegedly
obligated to pay any Debt.
Creditor Any person who offers or extends credit creating a Debt or to whom a Debt is
owed. The term Creditor does not, however, include any person to the extent
that such person receives an assignment or transfer of a Debt in default solely
to facilitate collection of the Debt for another.
Credit Products Any of Cash App US’s lending products including (1) Borrow (2) Pre-Purchase
Financing (3) Retroactive Financing or (4) Cash App Afterpay Online Checkout,
unless otherwise noted.
Debt Any obligation or alleged obligation of a Consumer to pay money arising out of
a transaction in which the money, property, insurance, or services that are the
subject of the transaction are primarily for personal, family, or household
purposes, whether or not the obligation has been reduced to judgment.
Debt Collector Any person who regularly collects, or attempts to collect, directly or indirectly,
consumer debts for another person or institution or uses a name other than its
own when collecting its own consumer debts. The term would include, for
example, an institution that regularly collects Debts for an unrelated
institution. It includes reciprocal service arrangements under which one
institution solicits the help of another in collecting a defaulted Debt from a
customer who has moved. An institution is not a Debt Collector under the
FDCPA when it collects:
● Another’s Debt in isolated instances;
● Its own Debts under its own name;
● Debts it originated and then sold but continues to service;
● Debts that were not in default when the Debts were obtained;
● Debts that were obtained as security for a commercial credit
transaction;
● Debts incidental to a bona fide fiduciary relationship or escrow
arrangement; or
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Debts related by common ownership or corporate control, provided the
institution acts as a Debt Collector only for persons with whom it is
related and its principal business is not the collection of Debts.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be responsible for
establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that Afterpay operations
reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance and that all Staff Members are
aware of that commitment and their individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and reporting on
compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of Compliance may delegate to
others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and
reporting that support this Policy.
Product Compliance The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and is
Lead responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to
this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations, (iii)
ensuring regulatory risks are identified in documentation, (iv) providing and
communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including
business partners, (v) liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy
updates, (vi) conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating
and overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Staff Members Cash App’s Staff Members are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii) completing
any required compliance training in a timely manner, and (iii) promptly
reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements.
Lending Regulatory Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
Counsel regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Cash App’s (“Cash App”) commitment to
comply with the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (“FDCPA”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their
designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to establish and define guidelines for Cash App to comply with all applicable
provisions of FDCPA. Cash App recognizes that FDCPA violations can present significant legal, reputational,
and compliance risk.
3. Scope
This Policy has been created to ensure that Cash App and relevant personnel are aware of and comply with
the expectations of FDCPA.
This Policy governs Cash App’s Credit Products within the United States and sets out the approach to FDCPA
compliance, where applicable. While Cash App does not meet the definition of a Debt Collector, it has elected
to comply with FDCPA best practices when collecting Debts from Consumers.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Policy Statement
Cash App is committed to ensuring that collection activity across Credit Products is conducted in a manner
consistent with the spirit of the law.
Wherever state or local regulations overlap and are stricter than the requirements set out in this Policy, the
more conservative approach will be applied. If any applicable requirements are in conflict with this Policy,
Cash App will consult with the appropriate legal counsel to resolve the conflict and adjust Cash App’s
policies and procedures to ensure compliance.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2 FDCPA Policy Requirements
The primary purposes of this Policy are to:
● Eliminate unfair, deceptive, and abusive Debt collection practices by Debt Collectors in
Attempts to Communicate the collection of consumer debts;
● Promote fair Debt collection so that Debt Collectors who refrain from using abusive Debt
collection practices are not competitively disadvantaged;
● Provide Consumers with an avenue for disputing and obtaining validation of Debt information
in a timely manner to ensure the information’s accuracy; and
● Promote consistent state law applicability to protect Consumers against Debt collection
abuses.
○ Contact Times. Cash App will not communicate with a Consumer in connection with
the collection of a Debt at any unusual time (before 8:00 a.m. or after 9:00 p.m. in the
Consumer’s time zone) or a time place known or which should be known to be
inconvenient to the Consumer.
○ Call Frequency. Cash App will not place a telephone call to a Consumer about a
particular Debt:
■ More than seven times within a seven-day period; or
■ Within seven days after engaging in a phone conversation with a
Consumer or leaving a voicemail about a particular Debt, unless the
consumer requests it.
○ Mini-Miranda Disclosures. A Debt Collector must disclose in the initial written
communication with the Consumer and, in addition, if the initial communication with
the Consumer is oral, in that oral communication, that the Debt Collector is
attempting to collect a Debt and that any information obtained will be used for that
purpose. The Debt Collector must also disclose in subsequent communications that
the communication is from a Debt Collector.
○ Limited-content Messages. A “limited-content message” is a type of voicemail that a
Debt Collector may leave that must include specific information. Limited-content
messages may only include the following:
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ A business name that does not indicate the caller is a Debt Collector;
■ Telephone number(s) the customer can use to return the call; and
■ A request that the customer replies and the name(s) of who the
customer can contact to reply.
Voicemails that don’t follow these rules are not considered limited-content
messages.
○ Cease and Desist. If a Consumer notifies a Debt Collector in writing that the Consumer
refuses to pay a Debt or requests that the Debt Collector cease further communication,
the Debt Collector must cease further communication with respect to such Debt except:
■ To advise the Consumer that further collection efforts are being
terminated;
■ To notify the Consumer that specified remedies may be invoked; and
■ To notify the Consumer that the Debt Collector or Creditor intends to
invoke a specified remedy.
○ Attorney Representation. If the Debt Collector knows the Consumer is represented
by an attorney with respect to such Debt, and has knowledge or can readily ascertain
the attorney’s name and address, all contacts must be with that attorney, unless the
attorney fails to respond within a reasonable period of time to a communication from
the Debt Collector or agrees to allow direct communication with the Consumer.
○ Workplace Contact. A Debt Collector may not contact the Consumer at their place of
employment if the Debt Collector knows or has reason to know that the Consumer’s
employer prohibits the Consumer from receiving such communication.
○ Communicating with Third Parties. Without the prior consent of the Consumer given
directly to the Debt Collector, a Debt Collector may not communicate, in connection
with the collection of any Debt, with any person other than the Consumer, their
attorney, or a Consumer reporting agency the Creditor, the attorney of the Creditor, or
the attorney of the Debt Collector.
No third party may be contacted more than once unless the collector believes that
the information from the first contact was wrong or incomplete and that the third
party has since received better information, or unless the third party specifically
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
requests additional contact. Contact with any third party by postcard, letter or
telegram is allowed only if the envelope or content of the communication does not
indicate the nature of the collector’s business.
○ Harassing and Abusive Practices. Cash App will not engage in any conduct to harass,
oppress, or abuse any person in connection with the collection of a Debt. Examples of
harassing and abusive practices, among others, include:
■ Use or threat of use of violence or other criminal means to harm the
physical person, reputation, or property of any person;
■ Use of obscene, profane, or other abusive language;
■ Publicizing any lists of Consumers allegedly refusing to pay Debts,
except to a Consumer reporting agency;
■ Advertising the sale of any Debt in an attempt to coerce payment;
■ Repeatedly make calls or allow a phone to ring continuously;
■ Failing to properly identify oneself on telephone calls; and,
■ Placing telephone calls without meaningful disclosure of the caller’s
identity.
○ False or Misleading Representations. Cash App will not use any false, deceptive, or
misleading representation in connection with the collection of any Debt. Examples of
false and misleading representations, among others, include:
■ False representation or implication that the Debt Collector is vouched
for or bonded by the United States or any state;
■ False representation of the character, amount, or legal status of the
Debt;
■ False representation or implication that the Debt Collector is an
attorney or that communications are from an attorney;
■ The representation or implication that the Consumer has committed a
crime or that nonpayment will result in the arrest or imprisonment;
■ Threatening to take any action, including seizure, garnishment,
attachment, or sale of personal property or wages, unless such action
is lawful and intended;
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ Communicating or threatening to communicate credit information
which is known or should be known to be false, including the failure
to communicate that a Debt is disputed;
■ The use or distribution of any written communication which simulates
or is falsely represented to be a document authorized, issued, or
approved by any court, official, or agency of the United States or any
state, or which creates a false impression as to its source,
authorization, or approval;
■ Using any false representation or deceptive means to collect or
attempt to collect any Debt or to obtain information concerning a
Consumer;
■ False representation or implication that documents are legal process,
or conversely, that documents are not legal process or do not require
action by the Consumer;
■ The use of any business, company, or organization name other than
the true name of the Debt Collector’s business, company, or
organization; and
■ False representation or implication that a Debt Collector operates or
is employed by a Consumer reporting agency.
○ Unfair Practices. Cash App will not use unfair or unconscionable means to collect or
attempt to collect any Debt. Examples of unfair or unconscionable means include,
among others:
■ Collecting any amount (including interest, fee, charge, or expense
incidental to the principal obligation) unless such amount is expressly
authorized by the agreement creating the Debt or otherwise
permitted by law;
■ Taking or threatening to take any action to effect dispossession or
disablement of property when the Debt Collector or Creditor has no
enforceable right or intent to take such action;
■ Communicating with a Consumer regarding a Debt by post card;
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ Misapplication of post-dated checks for payment in connection with
the collection of a Debt; and, using any language or symbol, other
than the Debt Collector’s address, on any envelope when
communicating with a Consumer.
○ Disputed Debts. Cash App will not declare admission of liability if the Debtor fails to
dispute the validity of the Debt.
○ Initial Pleadings not an Individual Communication. Cash App will not consider a
formal pleading in a civil action as an initial communication for purposes of the Debt
validation notice requirement when collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or asserted
to be owed or due.
○ Notice Provisions. Cash App will adhere to the express requirements of Title 26, title
V of Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, or any provision of Federal or State law when sending
notices to a Debtor for the purpose of collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or
asserted to be owed or due.
○ Multiple Debts. When dealing with multiple Debts, Cash App will adequately
disburse funds based on the Consumer's directions.
○ Legal Actions. Cash App will use proper venue and avoid collecting time-barred Debt
when collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed or due.
○ Medium to Communicate. Cash App will not use the medium of communication in
which a Debtor has opted out of for the purpose of collecting a Debt that is owed or
due, or asserted to be owed or due.
○ Bankruptcy. Cash App will not place for collection a Debt if the Debt Collector knows
or should know that the Debt has been paid or settled or discharged in bankruptcy.
○ Rights to Dispute. Cash App will not engage in collection activity when validating a
Debt that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed or due.
○ Sending Disclosures. Cash App will send disclosures in a reasonable manner when
collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed or due.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Email Addresses & Text Messages. Cash App will use reasonable measures and take
certain precautions when using email and text to collect a Debt that is owed or due,
or asserted to be owed or due. However, Cash App may reveal its name or other
information indicating that the communication relates to the collection of a Debt.
○ Opt Out Notice. Cash App will offer the ability to opt out of electronic notices when
collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed or due.
○ Employee Assumed Name. Cash App, who is attempting to collect a Debt of an
employee, may use assumed names when attempting to collect a Debt.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any
modifications to this Policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance
with the Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all Staff
Members commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Staff Members engaged in the activity or
performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training upon
hiring and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are
outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
8. Exceptions
The document owner or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to approve
exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not
violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that Cash App will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Product Compliance Lead will inform the document owner,
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
Cash App will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.’s document retention guidelines.
When Cash App becomes a Debt Collector, as defined by FDCPA, Cash App will retain all records
documenting compliance with applicable FDCPA requirements starting on the date that it begins collection
activity on a debt for a period of three years after the debt collector’s last collection activity on the debt,
including telephone recordings of each debt collection call for a period of three years after the date of the
call.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Global Complaint Policy
Related Program Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program Standard
Related References:
Regulation Name Fair Debt Collection Practices Act
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
11. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Nicole Clarke Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Approv… Jan 10, 2025
Counsel
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chambe… Product Creation Initial creation of Jan 10, 2025
Compliance Lead policy
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Initial Appro… Initial approval of Jan 13, 2025
Compliance policy
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Material Cha… Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
Corey Chambe… Product Material Cha… Addition of new Mar 14, 2025
Compliance Lead credit product
within policy
scope
Jason Liberman Cash App Head of Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Compliance credit product
within policy
scope
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Material Cha… Addition of new Apr 1, 2025
Committee Committee credit product
within policy
scope
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [United States]
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date Apr 1, 2025
Effective Date Apr 1, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually [January 2026]
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Cash App US
15