Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy
Square | Square Capital, LLC | Credit Card
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Servicemembers Civil Relief Act ("SCRA") Policy ("Policy") outlines
Square Capital, LLC's ("Square Capital" or the "Company") approach to compliance with the
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act of 2003 (the "SCRA" or the "Act"). The Chief Compliance Officer
("CCO") has adopted this Policy for Square Capital and the CCO oversees the development and
implementation of this Policy. The CCO has delegated ownership of this Policy document to the
Square Head of Compliance.
The purpose of this policy is to facilitate compliance with the SCRA and to uphold Square Capital
business requirements that do not run counter to the Act.
Scope: This Policy is established by Square Capital and is applicable to Square Capital, specific to
the Credit Card Product. Square Capital recognizes a further duty to support the compliance
programs of its Bank Partner, where applicable.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Active Duty Means full-time duty in the active Military Service of the United States. Such
term includes full-time training duty, annual training duty, and attendance
while in the active Military Service at a school designated as a service school
by law or by the Secretary of the military department concerned.
Benefits Refers generally to all reliefs afforded to eligible Servicemembers and
qualifying Spouses, children, and dependents.
Child For purposes of identifying a dependent child, a person who is unmarried
and: Who is under the age of eighteen years; Who, before attaining the age
of eighteen years, became permanently incapable of self-support; or Who,

after attaining the age of eighteen years and until completion of education or
training (but not after attaining the age of twenty-three years), is pursuing a
course of instruction at an approved educational institution; AND Who is a
legitimate child, A legally adopted child, A stepChild who is a member of a
veteran's household or was a member at the time of the veteran's death, Or
an illegitimate Child but, as to the alleged father, only if acknowledged in
writing signed by him, or if he has been judicially ordered to contribute to the
child's support or has been, before his death, judicially decreed to be the
father of such child, or if he is otherwise shown by evidence satisfactory to
the Secretary to be the father of such child.
Coverage Period The amount of time in days for the application of SCRA Benefits and
protections. A Coverage Period may be one or more periods of time of no
less than 30 consecutive days in length, and may be extended at any time.
Interest Includes the money paid regularly at a particular rate for the use of money
lent and service charges, renewal charges, fees or any other charges (except
bona fide insurance) with respect to a credit obligation or liability.
Military Service Is the primary requirement for the Benefits and protections, which is defined
as (any): Active Duty, for members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine
Corps, or Coast Guard; In the case of a member of the National Guard,
includes service under a call to active service authorized by the President or
the Secretary of Defense for a period of more than 30 consecutive days
under section 502(f) of title 32 for purposes of responding to a national
emergency declared by the President and supported by Federal funds;
Active service, in the case of a Servicemember who is a commissioned
officer of the Public Health Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration; or Any period during which a Servicemember is absent from
duty on account of sickness, wounds, leave, or other lawful cause.
Servicemember Includes individuals from the following branches of uniformed services:
Army; Navy; Air Force; Marine Corps; Coast Guard; Reservists or the National
Guard; as well as Commissioned officers of either the Public Health Service
or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration engaged in active
service.
Spouse The person to whom the Servicemember is legally married.
Staff Member(s) All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and includes interns,
temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers and
contractors.

2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Policy Statement
Square Capital is committed to providing the Benefits and protections required by SCRA, as
applicable. The objective of this Policy is to ensure that Square Capital provides the Benefits and
protections afforded to eligible military personnel and their qualifying family members as prescribed
under SCRA, including but not limited to:
● Interest rate waiver on existing debt obligations;
● Fines and penalties under borrower agreement;
● Credit Protection; and
● Prohibitions.
2.2. SCRA Background
The SCRA was originally titled the "Soldiers' and Sailors' Civil Relief Act," and was first enacted by
Congress in 1918. SCRA in its present form was enacted in 2003 50 U.S.C. Chapter 50, which
substantially revised and expanded upon the existing protections.
The aim of the SCRA is to enable men and women in the armed services to devote their entire
energies to the defense needs of the nation by giving them Benefits and protections regarding
certain financial obligations they incur prior to being called into Military Service. SCRA protections
apply not only to qualifying Servicemembers but also to their Spouses, children, and dependents as
prescribed.
2.3. Operational Elements
2.3.1. Identification of Eligible Servicemember
It is the responsibility of the borrower to notify the Company to trigger the application of SCRA
Benefits and protections.
In order to be eligible for the Benefits and protections available under SCRA, the borrower must
satisfy each of the following requirements:
● Be classified as one of the types of Military Service under SCRA or be a qualified Spouse,
child, or dependent of such a person;

● Notify Square Capital via phone call, email, or letter that SCRA Benefits are being
requested. When the requester is a Servicemember's Spouse, child, or dependent, the
requestor must additionally supply:
○ The legal name of the Servicemember; and
○ Statement of relationship to the Servicemember
● The request does not have to specify which SCRA benefit is being requested.
● Required Documentation
○ Square Capital does not require, but the Servicemember or family member may
include, along with the request:
■ The Department of Defense (“DODˮ) letter calling for Military Service; or
■ A letter on official letterhead from the office of the Servicememberʼs
superior certifying the call to Active Duty status and the dates that it
applies; and
■ Provide all of the above documentation no later than 180 days after the date
of the Servicemember's termination or release from Military Service.
○ A request that conforms with the above is valid whether it comes from the
Servicemember or his/her commanding officer.
Military Reservists and Orders to Report for Induction
For members of a reservist component ordered to report for Military Service or for persons
ordered to report for induction under the Military Selective Service Act, the Servicemember enters
"Military Service" on their date of the receipt of the order and exits on the date the Servicemember
reports for Military Service (or the date of induction, in the case of such orders). If this service is
deemed as Military Service then the Benefits and protections of SCRA may continue to apply. This
provision also applies to a qualified Spouse, child, or dependent of an activated Military Reservist.
2.3.2. Verification of Eligible Servicemember
Proof of Military Service can be evidenced through a copy of military orders or any other appropriate
indicator of Military Service, including a certified letter from a commanding officer. Proof of Military
Service can also be evidenced independently by searching the Defense Manpower Data Center
(“DMDCˮ) website. All supporting documentation should be retained in the customerʼs file and
available upon request. If utilizing the DMDC website to verify Active Duty, results of the search
should be printed, dated and retained in the customerʼs file.

Proof of Military Service can be provided by the Servicemember. However, if military orders (or
similar document(s) as described above) are not received, SCRA protection should not be declined
without a reasonable effort to follow-up. Reasonable effort can be demonstrated by any of the
following:
● Searching the DMDC website to independently verify Active Duty; and
● Following up with the customer by phone, email, or letter.
In accordance with 50 U.S.C. § 3957, SCRA benefits, including the interest rate cap, are triggered by
a written request from the Servicemember along with a copy of military orders or other appropriate
documentation. Square Capital may elect to apply benefits upon verbal request as a courtesy, but
such application does not waive the legal requirement for written documentation
The verification of eligibility and the determination of benefit must be finalized and communicated to
the customer within 30 calendar days. When confirmed, the applicable Benefits due are to be
applied beginning on the start date of the Coverage Period. If confirmation is not performed in this
manner, then Square Capital accepts the Servicemember's claim as valid.
2.3.3. Term of Benefits
Once verified as an eligible Servicemember, the rights granted to a Servicemember or qualified
Spouse, child, or dependent are valid as described below:
● The Coverage Period starts on the first date of Military Service; and
● The Coverage Period and all associated Benefits end when the earlier of the following
occurs:
○ The credit card account is closed and paid in full; or
○ Military Service ends.
In addition:
● There may be more than one Military Service period associated with a single credit card
account. Though uncommon, it is possible for a Servicemember to have multiple Military
Service tours. Each new Military Service period of at least 30 consecutive days in length
starts a new Coverage Period;
● Each Coverage Period requires proper documentation as outlined in this Policy. However, if
Square Capital already has all necessary documentation to determine that multiple

Coverage Periods apply to a credit card account, no additional documentation is required;
and
● A Coverage Period cannot be less than 30 consecutive days in length. No Benefits are
required in the event that a Coverage Period is of shorter duration.
2.3.4. Denial of SCRA Benefits
Denial of SCRA Benefits is permitted if one or more of the following occurs:
● The credit card account is opened after the Coverage Period start date;
● The credit card account is closed and paid in full before the Coverage Period start date;
● The Servicemember is not in a covered branch of service;
● The Servicememberʼs activity is not recognized as Military Service;
● Required documentation is not received, not received within 180 days of the final date of
Active Service, or cannot be validate as authentic;
● The person requesting Benefits is not the Servicemember, Spouse, dependent, or Child as
defined in this Policy; and
● The request for Benefits is determined by the CCO to be fraudulent in nature.
Any decision to deny SCRA Benefits is not final until approved by the CCO.
Missing Active Servicemembers
Where a Servicemember who has previously claimed Benefits under SCRA has been reported
missing, he or she will be presumed to continue in Military Service until officially accounted for.
2.3.5. Relief Request Tracker
Requests for SCRA protections can be made over the phone, email, or through written notice. All
SCRA requests, regardless of the outcome, should be documented on a formal tracking log that
captures the following information:
● Channel through which the SCRA request was made;
● Whether the request was verbal or written;
● Whether the request was denied or approved;
● Date relief was requested;
● Active duty start and end date (if known);
● Date protections were provided or denied;

● Reason for denial of Benefits (where applicable); and
● Date protections were removed.
Requests for SCRA protections should also be documented in the account notes and mirror the
information logged on the tracker. Any notes cannot identify the Servicemember as a member of the
National Guard or a Reserve component.
2.3.6. Periodic Review
A process should be in place that allows for the periodic review of Active Duty status. If Active Duty
status can no longer be verified, the Servicemember should be sent notice informing them of the
removal of protections and the date the SCRA protections will no longer be applied on the account.
2.4. SCRA Policy Requirements
2.4.1. Interest Rate Waiver on Existing Debt Obligations
SCRA caps interest rates on pre-service debts at 6%. Square Capital as a matter of business policy
goes beyond the statutory requirement by: by:
● Waiving Interest owed and refunding Interest paid in excess of a 0% Interest rate per year;
and
● For the current and any future affected amounts owed, reducing the Interest rate to 0% per
year.
2.4.2. 0% Interest Rate Limit
Square Capital will not charge Interest at a rate in excess of 0 percent 0% per year on any debts
that are incurred by the Servicemember, whether a primary or secondary obligor, on any debts
incurred by the Servicemember prior to entering Military Service. This prohibition applies for the
duration of the Servicemember's Coverage Period.
Coverage for Spouses, children, or dependents applies only where the obligation is also in the
Servicememberʼs name or otherwise qualifies under applicable SCRA provisions. Square Capital may
elect to apply benefits more broadly as a matter of business policy
2.4.3. Waiver of Interest Paid in Excess of 0%
Square Capital shall waive (not defer) Interest accrued at a rate in excess of 0% per year. When a
request for relief is received after the start of the Coverage Period, any excess credit due to the

borrower must be applied as a refund either to the linked bank account or given directly to the
customer.
No Account Credit Permitted
Any refund due may not be credited towards the account balance, the minimum payment due, or any
future payment due.
2.4.4. Extension of Benefits
Square Capital has enacted a business policy that applies all Benefits in this Policy to all borrowers
who otherwise qualify, including those who are guarantors for corporations or other commercial
entities that are eligible to engage in commercial lending activities with Square Capital.
2.4.5. Fines and Penalties Under Borrow Agreement
Square Capital may not charge a penalty to a borrower who qualifies as an eligible Servicemember
for failure to perform an obligation arising under the Borrower Agreement, if:
● The Servicemember was in Military Service at the time the fine or penalty was incurred;
and
● The ability of the Servicemember to perform the obligation was materially affected by such
Military Service.
2.4.6. Credit Protection
The Company does not treat a request for receipt of Benefits under SCRA as a basis for any of the
following:
● Denial or revocation of credit;
● Change in terms;
● A determination that the Servicemember is unable to pay the obligation or liability in
accordance with its terms;
● Refusal to grant credit in substantially the terms requested amount or on substantially the
terms requested;
● Adverse reporting relating to the creditworthiness of the Servicemember or provision of
derogatory information to a credit reporting agency; or
● An annotation in the Servicememberʼs record, when evaluating credit information,
identifying the Servicemember as a member of the National Guard or reserve component.

2.4.7. Default Judgements and Affidavit Requirement
Square Capital must file a valid affidavit when pursuing a court remedy that includes a default
judgment. The affidavit must state either:
● Whether or not the defendant is in Military Service and showing necessary facts to support
the affidavit; or
● If Square is unable to determine whether or not the defendant is in Military Service, stating
that we are unable to determine whether or not the defendant is in Military Service.
This section applies to any civil action or proceeding in which the defendant does not make a court
appearance.
2.5. Prohibition
The Company does not:
● Accelerate principle in any amount due in relation to a request for SCRA Benefits;
● Garnish wages as a means to collect debt nor seek personal assets or trade obligations to
satisfy the Servicememberʼs obligations;
● Require Servicemembers to:
○ Submit to mandatory arbitration and onerous legal notice requirements; nor
○ Waive their rights under the SCRA.
● Engage in any of the following activities regarding a Servicemember, Spouse, or
Dependent requesting or receiving SCRA protection:
○ Determine that the requestor is unable to pay the obligation or liability in
accordance with its terms;
○ Deny, revoke credit, change terms of existing credit, or refuse to grant credit in
substantially the amount or terms requested;
○ Issue an adverse report relating to the creditworthiness of the Servicemember to a
consumer reporting agency; or
○ Note in a Servicememberʼs record, when evaluating consumer credit information,
identifying the Servicemember as a member of the National Guard or a Reserve
component.

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"):
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the organization
○ Responsible for establishing appropriate practices to ensure Company operations
reflect commitment to compliance
○ Responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy
○ Delegates responsibilities to the Square Head of Compliance along with authority to
adopt, develop and implement procedures
● Counsel:
○ Provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding Policy requirements
○ Advises on applicability to business and operational activities
● Compliance Policy Committee:
○ Reviews and adopts this policy on an annual basis
● Head of Business Product Compliance and Partnerships or Lending Product Compliance
Lead:
○ Owns this Policy document
○ Reviews and approves requested exceptions
○
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
Square Capital has established a standard in which it retains records for 5 years from the date that
Benefits expire and applies this retention period to all supporting information used by the business to
make Benefit and Protection eligibility decisions (approved, declined, expired), documentation

related to Interest rate calculations including retroactive adjustments, and customer notifications
related to SCRA.
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Policy Enforcement
Enforcement mechanisms of the SCRA include sanctions in the form of criminal penalties and private
rights of action. The criminal penalties under Title 18 of United States Code may be imposed against
anyone who knowingly takes part or attempts to violate an applicable Protection. These penalties
involve fines and imprisonment up to one year. Violations of the SCRA, whether knowingly or
unknowingly, may result in termination from the Company subject to compliance with Company
termination policies and processes.
This Policy resides under the authority of the Global Compliance Management Program
3.7. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Square
Capital, LLC and on a need-to-know basis..
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the PolicyOwner.
Review related documents:
● Global Complaint Program Standard
● Compliance Training Program Standard
● Global Document Management Policy
● Lending Training Procedure
● Servicemembers Civil Relief Act of 2003

5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
N/A Credit Card Initial Appro… New policy March 3, 2022
Compliance created from
Committee former Square
Capital policy for
the credit card
product.
Square Global Square Global Initial Appro… Initial Approval March 2022
Chief Chief Compliance
Compliance Officer
Officer
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Annual Review November 30,
Board of Board of 2023
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Annual Review; July 2, 2024
Board of Board of moved to new
Managers Managers template format
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Scheduled January 24, 2025
Board of Board of review; Immaterial
Managers Managers update
Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Scheduled October 3, 2025
Policy Policy Committee review; minor
Committee enhancements
Document Details:
Business Square Capital, LLC
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Lending Product Compliance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2