Fair Credit Reporting Act
Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 8
3. Purpose 8
4. Scope 9
5. Policy Requirements 9
5.1 Policy Statement 9
5.2 Afterpay’s Policy Requirements 9
6. Roles and Responsibilities 17
7. Document Management 18
7.1 Document Owner 18
7.2 Review and Approval 19
8. Training 19
9. Monitoring and Reporting 19
10. Exceptions 19
11. Record Retention 20
12. Related Documentation or References 20
13. Revision and Approval History 20
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 20
13.2 Approval History 20
14. Document Details 21
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Account For the purpose of FCRA, a continuing relationship established by a
person with a financial institution to obtain a product or service for
personal family, household, or business purposes. An account includes:
● An extension of credit, such as for the purchase of property or
services involving a deferred payment; and
● A deposit account
Adverse Action A refusal to extend credit in substantially the amount or substantially the
terms requested in an application including if Afterpay makes a
counteroffer (to extend credit on less favorable terms) and the applicant
uses or expressly accepts the extension of credit offered. Actions taken
in connection with certain default of delinquency activities are excluded.
Consumer An individual who obtains, through a transaction, products, or services
that are used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, and
also means the legal representative of such an individual.
Consumer Any record about an individual, in paper, electronic, or other form, that is,
Information among other things, based on a Consumer Report and that Afterpay
maintains for a business purpose, or a compilation of such records, but
does not include a record that does not identify an individual. Consumer
Information includes information from a Consumer Report obtained
from an affiliate when the Consumer does not opt out of sharing with
affiliates. Consumer Information does not include aggregate or blind
data that does not identify a particular individual.
Consumer Report Any written, oral, or other communication of information by a Consumer
Reporting Agency that bears on a Consumer’s creditworthiness, credit
standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, or mode of living that is used or expected to be used or
collected, in whole or in part, for the purpose of serving as a factor in
establishing the Consumer’s eligibility for any of the following:
● Credit or insurance to be used primarily for personal, family, or
household purposes;
● Employment purposes; or
● Any other purpose authorized under the FCRA.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
The term Consumer Report can include both information in or from
credit reports and other information used to determine eligibility for
credit, including information provided by an applicant in the application
such as income, employment, or assets. However, the term does not
include any of the following:
● Any report containing information solely about transactions or
experiences between the Consumer and the person making the
report;
● Any communication of that transaction or experience
information among entities related by common ownership or
affiliated by corporate control (e.g., different institutions that are
members of the same holding company, or subsidiary companies
of an insured institution);
● Communication of other information among persons related by
common ownership or affiliated by corporate control, if it is clearly
and conspicuously disclosed to the Consumer that the
information may be communicated among affiliates, the
Consumer is given the opportunity to opt-out of such sharing,
and the Consumer does not opt-out.
Consumer Any person who, for monetary fees, dues, or on a cooperative nonprofit
Reporting Agency basis, regularly engages in whole or in part in the practice of assembling
or evaluating Consumer credit information or other information on
Consumers for the purpose of furnishing Consumer Reports to third
parties, and who uses any means or facility of interstate commerce for
the purpose of preparing or furnishing Consumer Reports. A lender that
engages in those activities can fall within the definition of a Consumer
Reporting Agency.
Covered Account Either -
● An account, primarily for personal, family, or household purposes,
that involves or is designed to permit multiple payments or
transactions; or
● Any other account for which there is a reasonably foreseeable risk
to customers or the safety and soundness of Afterpay from
Identity Theft, including financial, operational, compliance,
reputation, or litigation risks.
Credit Score A numerical value or a categorization derived from a statistical tool or
modeling system used by a person who makes or arranges a loan to
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
predict the likelihood of certain credit behaviors, including default (and
the numerical value or the categorization derived from such analysis
may also be referred to as a “risk predictor” or “risk score”). The term does
not include any mortgage score or rating of an automated underwriting
system that considers one or more factors in addition to credit
information, including the loan-to-value ratio, the amount of
downpayment, or the financial assets of a Consumer, or any other
elements of the underwriting process or underwriting decision.
Extended Alert An alert placed in the Consumer’s credit file after the Consumer submits
a request and appropriate proof of identity.
Extend Credit and The granting of credit in any form, including credit granted in addition to
Extension of Credit any existing credit or credit limit; an advance in an open-end credit plan;
the refinancing or other renewal of credit, including the issuance of a
new credit card in place of an expiring credit card or in substitution for
an existing credit card; the consolidation of two or more obligations; or
the continuance of existing credit without any special effort to collect at
or after maturity (i.e., the extension of the loan term).
Fraud Alert and A statement in the file of a Consumer that—
Active Duty Alert ● Notifies all prospective users of a Consumer Report relating to the
Consumer that the Consumer may be a victim of fraud (for fraud
alerts), including Identity Theft, or is an active duty military
Consumer; and
● Is presented in a manner that facilitates a clear and conspicuous
view of that statement by any person requesting such a
Consumer Report.
Identity Theft A fraud committed or attempted using the identifying information of
another person without authority.
Medical Data, in any form, created or derived from a health care provider or a
Information Consumer that relates to an individual’s past, present, or future physical,
mental, or behavioral health. It includes their provision of and payment
for health care. The term does not include:
● A Consumer’s age or gender;
● A Consumer’s demographics, including address or email address;
● Information that does not specify a specific Consumer;
● Unsolicited Medical Information that falls under another
exception.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Permissible A purpose for which a Consumer Reporting Agency may provide a
Purpose Consumer Report, and a user, such as Afterpay, may obtain and use the
report. The Permissible Purposes include:
● In response to a court order or federal grand jury
subpoena;
● In accordance with the written instructions of the
Consumer;
● To a person, including Afterpay, which the agency
has reason to believe intends to use the report as
information for any of the following reasons:
○ In connection with a credit transaction
involving the Consumer (includes extending,
reviewing, and collecting credit);
○ For employment purposes;
○ In connection with the underwriting of
insurance involving the Consumer;
○ In connection with a determination of the
Consumer’s eligibility for a license or other
benefit granted by a governmental
instrumentality that is required by law to
consider an applicant’s financial responsibility;
○ As a potential investor or servicer, or current
insurer, in connection with a valuation of, or an
assessment of the credit or prepayment risks
associated with, an existing credit obligation;
○ Otherwise has a legitimate business need for
the information related to a product or service,
such as a lease, that is not specifically
addressed under the FCRA (i.e., other than
credit, insurance, employment, licensing, or
government benefits):
● In connection with a business transaction that the
Consumer initiates;
● To review an account to determine whether the
Consumer continues to meet the terms of the
account; or
● In response to a request by the head of a State or local
child support enforcement agency (or authorized
appointee) if the person certifies various information
to the Consumer Reporting Agency regarding the
need to obtain the report. (Generally, this particular
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
purpose does not impact a person, such as Afterpay,
that is not a Consumer Reporting Agency.)
2. Introduction
This Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Afterpay US, Inc.’s (“Afterpay”) commitment to
comply with the Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their
designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate the commitment of Afterpay to complying with all
applicable provisions of FCRA.
FCRA applies to persons who obtain and use information about Consumers to determine the
Consumer's eligibility for products, services, or employment; share such information among affiliates;
and furnish information to Consumer Reporting agencies. It requires users to respond appropriately
when there are “red flags” that indicate possible Identity Theft and allows Consumers who have had
their identities stolen to prevent further damage to their credit record. It requires Afterpay and
Consumer Reporting agencies alike to adopt reasonable procedures for handling Consumer credit
and Medical Information in a manner that ensures confidentiality and accuracy in the authorized
sharing of Consumers’ personal information.
The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act (“FACTA” or “FACT Act”) of 2003 amended the FCRA
and was established to serve the following purposes:
● Enhance the ability of Consumers to combat Identity Theft;
● Increase the accuracy of Consumer Reports; and
● Allow Consumers to exercise greater control regarding the type and amount of
marketing solicitations Consumers receive.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay . This Policy is applicable to Afterpay’s Employees and sets out
the approach to FCRA compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay and relevant
personnel are aware of and comply with expectations regarding FCRA.
5. Policy Requirements
5.1 Policy Statement
Afterpay is committed to ensuring that its business activities are conducted in a manner that
complies with all requirements of FCRA.
5.2 Afterpay’s Policy Requirements
● Obtaining Consumer Reports. FCRA requires any prospective user of a Consumer Report to
have a legally Permissible Purpose to obtain a report. Afterpay obtains Consumer Reports during
its application process to evaluate an applicant’s credit profile. Afterpay will request a Consumer
Report only for one of the following defined Permissible Purposes:
○ The Consumer provides authorization in writing;
○ The report will be used in connection with a credit transaction involving the Consumer
and involving the extension of credit to, or review or collection of an account of the
Consumer;
○ The report will be used by a potential investor or servicer in connection with an
assessment of the credit risks associated with a credit obligation; or
○ A prescreened solicitation in connection with any credit transaction that is not
initiated by the Consumer only if:
■ The Consumer authorizes the Consumer Reporting Agency to provide such a
report; or
■ The transaction consists of a firm offer of credit and the Consumer has not opted
out of receiving such solicitations.
Afterpay is able to obtain Consumer Reports on current or prospective Employees. If it uses
information from a Consumer Report for employment purposes, Afterpay will:
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Make a clear and conspicuous written disclosure to the applicant prior to obtaining
the Consumer Report that consists solely of the disclosure and states that a Consumer
Report may be obtained;
○ Obtain prior written authorization from the current or prospective employee; and
○ Certify to the applicable Consumer Reporting Agency(ies) that the above steps have
been completed, the information being obtained will not be used in violation of any
federal or state equal opportunity law or regulation, and that if any adverse action is
taken based on the Consumer Report, a copy of the report and a summary of the
Consumer’s rights will be provided to the Consumer.
● Credit Prescreening. While not currently applicable, in the event Afterpay elects to conduct
prescreened solicitations, it will comply with the requirements to offer an Extension of Credit
credit to the Consumer and provide required “opt-out” disclosures, as required under the FCRA. A
firm offer of credit is an offer that will be honored if the Consumer meets the specific criteria used
to select the Consumer for the offer, except the offer may be conditioned on one or both of the
following:
○ The Consumer meets any pre-established creditworthiness criteria based on the
application, as long as such other criteria are established in advance; and
○ The Consumer’s continued eligibility and application information can be verified after
the Consumer accepts the offer.
If Afterpay conducts prescreened solicitations, it will maintain the criteria used for the
solicitation (including the criteria used to generate the prescreened report and any other
criteria such as collateral requirements) on file as required by the FCRA.
The FCRA requires a firm offer of credit to be accompanied by two notices, which are referred
to as the short notice and the long notice.
● Fraud, Active Duty, and Extended Alerts. Afterpay will comply with FCRA requirements for
taking additional measures to verify identity if the Consumer Reports to a Consumer Reporting
Agency that he or she has been a victim of Identity Theft. A Consumer may place one of three
types of alerts in his or her Consumer Reports: Fraud alert, active duty alert, or Extended Alert.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
A Consumer’s identity must be verified if a Consumer Report includes an initial fraud or active
duty alert. Unless other practices confirm a Consumer’s identity, Afterpay will not establish an
extension of credit in the name of the Consumer. A Consumer must be contacted using the
method specified by the Consumer in the alert.
● Furnishing Information to Consumer Reporting Agencies. Afterpay does not currently furnish
information to Consumer Reporting Agencies. In the event that Afterpay elects to furnish,
Afterpay will comply with applicable FCRA requirements.
○ Accuracy and Integrity. Afterpay will establish reasonable policies and procedures for
implementing agency guidelines regarding the accuracy and integrity of the information
about Consumers it furnishes to Consumer Reporting agencies.
○ Duty to Provide Accurate Information. When Afterpay furnishes information to a
Consumer Reporting Agency, it will, among other things:
■ Provide accurate information to Consumer Reporting agencies by providing an
address for Consumers to notify Afterpay that information it has reported is
inaccurate, and then not reporting information if the Consumer notifies Afterpay,
at the specified address, that the information is inaccurate;
■ To the extent that Afterpay does not provide such an address, it will avoid
furnishing information if it knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the
information is inaccurate;
■ Provide corrections or additional information to Consumer Reporting agencies
when Afterpay determines that information is not complete or accurate;
■ Notify the Consumer Reporting Agency of any dispute the Consumer has about
the completeness or accuracy of any information Afterpay furnishes to a Consumer
Reporting Agency;
■ Notify the Consumer Reporting Agency that the Consumer voluntarily closed an
Account in the preceding reporting cycle;
■ Notify the Consumer Reporting Agency of the date that an Account became
delinquent if it was placed for collection, charged off, or subjected to any similar
action.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Duties After Notice of Dispute (Direct or Indirect). Afterpay does not currently report
information to Consumer Reporting Agencies. In the event that Afterpay elects to report,
Afterpay will comply with applicable FCRA requirements outlined below:
■ Customers may submit a notice of dispute regarding the accuracy or completeness of
information on their Consumer Report either to the Consumer Reporting Agency,
referred to as indirect disputes, or directly to Afterpay, referred to as direct disputes.
Afterpay requires the notice to contain enough information to identify the pertinent
Account, information the customer is disputing, a brief explanation as to the basis of
the dispute, and any supporting documentation to substantiate the dispute.
If Afterpay receives a notice of dispute from a Consumer Reporting Agency, or directly from
the Consumer, about the accuracy or completeness of any information Afterpay provided to a
Consumer Reporting Agency, Afterpay will:
■ Investigate the dispute;
■ Review all relevant information the Consumer Reporting Agency provided along
with the notice;
■ Report the results of the investigation to the Consumer Reporting Agency and to
any other nationwide Consumer Reporting agencies to which it previously
provided the information;
■ If the information is inaccurate, modify or delete the information in its own records,
or permanently block the reporting of the information.
The investigation must be completed and Afterpay must report the results within 30 days
after the Consumer Reporting Agency or Afterpay received the notice of the dispute. This
deadline may be extended by 15 days if the Consumer Reporting Agency or Afterpay
received additional relevant information from the Consumer.
Under the FCRA, Afterpay is not required to investigate any disputes Afterpay determines
to be frivolous or irrelevant. Upon the determination that a dispute is frivolous or
irrelevant, a notice of determination letter will be sent to the customer within five
business days. This letter will include the reasoning for why the dispute was found to be
frivolous or irrelevant and any information required by Afterpay to investigate the
disputed information.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Other Furnisher Requirements. When furnishing to Consumer Reporting agencies,
Afterpay will:
■ Establish and follow reasonable procedures to ensure that it does not report
information to a Consumer Reporting Agency after it has been told that the
information may be the result of Identity Theft;
■ Avoid selling or transferring debt caused by an alleged Identity Theft;
■ Provide Consumers with notice either before it furnishes negative information to a
nationwide Consumer Reporting Agency, or within 30 days after furnishing the
negative information.
● Identity Theft. In order to mitigate Identity Theft, Afterpay will:
○ Identify relevant Identity Theft red flags;
○ Detect red flags;
○ Respond appropriately to any detected red flags; and
○ Adjust internal Identity Theft efforts periodically based on changing risks and/or
market conditions.
As previously noted, the FCRA establishes three types of alerts that may be included in a
Consumer Report that indicates the Consumer may be a victim of fraud, including
Identity Theft. These alerts include:
○ Initial fraud alert;
○ Active duty alert; and
○ Extended fraud alert.
Afterpay has opted to include the five categories noted below that the Federal Trade
Commission (“FTC”) has identified as part of its efforts to identify relevant Identity Theft
red flags and mitigate Identity Theft of its customers:
○ Alerts, notifications, or warnings from a CRA, which includes fraud or credit alerts,
credit freezes, address discrepancies, and/or pattern of activity inconsistent with the
history and usual Account activity of the customer (this category encompasses the
three types of alerts noted above);
○ Suspicious documents, such as altered or forged documents or identification;
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Suspicious personal identifying information, such as social security number provided
during application matches the social security number of other applicants;
○ Suspicious Account activity; or
○ Notices from any other sources.
● Afterpay intends to maintain compliance with all applicable red flag guidelines, including the
alerts identified above, by adopting and maintaining procedures to ensure compliance.
Afterpay will:
○ Maintain the right to decline to provide the information requested by an alleged
victim of Identity Theft based on provisions established in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act;
○ Provide a copy of the application and any business transaction records available, free
of charge, upon receipt of a written claim of Identity Theft that resulted in a fraudulent
transaction, provided Afterpay can confirm the victim’s allegation(s) are true after the
Identity Theft victim:
■ Provides proof of positive identification in the form of a government-issued
identification card;
■ Provides proof of the Identity Theft claim in the form of an Identity Theft affidavit
and a copy of a police report; and
○ Not sell, transfer, or place in collection a debt that has resulted from Identity Theft.
■ If Afterpay engages a third-party debt collector in order to perform collection
activities on Consumers who are victims of Identity Theft, in its own name, on
behalf of Afterpay, Afterpay must ensure that the third-party debt collector notifies
Consumers that the information may be fraudulent or the result of Identity Theft.
○ Given Afterpay may be considered a Card Issuer, as defined by 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(1),
Afterpay has implemented reasonable policies and procedures to assess the validity of
a change of address if it receives notification of a change of address for a Consumer's
debit or credit card Account and, within a short period of time afterwards (during at
least the first 30 days after it receives such notification), Afterpay receives a request for
an additional or replacement card for the same Account.
● Limits on Using Medical Information. The FCRA prohibits covered entities from obtaining
and using Medical Information in connection with a Consumer’s eligibility, or continuing
eligibility, for credit. Afterpay will use Medical Information only in the following manners:
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Making credit eligibility determinations, such as information relating to debts,
expenses, income, benefits, assets, collateral, or the purpose or use of the loan;
○ The Medical Information is used in a no less favorable manner; and
○ The Consumer’s physical, mental, or behavioral health, condition or history, type of
treatment, or prognosis are not used in determining credit eligibility.
● Sharing and Using Information with Affiliate and Nonaffiliate Companies. The FCRA
restricts Afterpay’s affiliates from using a Consumer’s eligibility or information related to their
credit qualifications to make a solicitation for marketing purposes, unless:
○ The Consumer is notified that the information may be used for such purposes;
○ The Consumer is given an opportunity to prohibit such use; and
○ The Consumer does not opt-out of such sharing practices.
Afterpay does not currently share information with affiliate or nonaffiliate companies. In the
event that Afterpay elects to share information, Afterpay will ensure that any sharing of
information complies with applicable FCRA requirements. Any affiliates of Afterpay using shared
information making solicitations for marketing purposes are required to provide Consumers with
the required notification and opt-out mechanism. It should be noted that Afterpay does not
currently share this information, as reflected on the GLBA Privacy Notice.
● Disclosures to Consumers.
○ Disclosure of Adverse Action. Afterpay will comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity
Act (“ECOA”) and FCRA requirements to provide a notice to Consumers when it uses
Consumer Information from a credit reporting agency or other third-party sources
and takes Adverse Action based on that information. When Afterpay uses information
from a Consumer Reporting Agency, in any manner, to generate an Adverse Action, it
will inform the applicant in writing. The Adverse Action notice will include:
■ A statement of the Adverse Action;
■ The name, address, and toll-free number of the Consumer Reporting Agency that
provided the Consumer Report;
■ A statement indicating the Consumer Reporting Agency did not make the credit
decision and does not have any information regarding the credit decision;
■ A statement noting the Consumer has the right to a free report for 60 days;
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ A statement noting the Consumer has a right to dispute information in their
Consumer Report with the Consumer Reporting Agency;
■ If applicable, information about any Credit Score used in making the credit
decision;
■ A statement regarding the Credit Score information if a Credit Score was used in
any manner in making the credit decisions, which includes:
● A statement that a Credit Score is a number that takes into account
information in a Consumer Report, the Consumer’s Credit Score was used in
taking the Adverse Action, and that a Credit Score can change over time to
reflect changes in the Consumer’s credit history;
● The Credit Score used in generating the decision;
● The range of possible Credit Scores under the model used to generate the
Credit Score;
● All of the key factors that adversely affected the Credit Score, but no greater
than four factors, except when one of the key factors is the number of inquiries
made with respect to the Consumer Report, the number of key factors will not
exceed five;
● The date on which the Credit Score was created; and
● The Consumer’s name;
■ If information from a third party, other than a Consumer Reporting Agency, is used
in any manner to generate an Adverse Action, the notice will provide the
Consumer a disclosure detailing the Consumer’s right to make a written request
within sixty days for the nature of the information that led to the Adverse Action.
Afterpay will comply with any such request upon receipt; and
■ If information from an affiliate is used in any manner to generate an Adverse
Action, the notice will provide the Consumer a disclosure detailing the Consumer’s
right to make a written request within 60 days for the nature of the information
that led to the Adverse Action. Afterpay will comply with any such request upon
receipt.
In connection with Consumer loan applications, Adverse Action will typically be required under
requirements from both the FCRA and the ECOA. All Adverse Action notices will be delivered
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
within the time frame specified within ECOA, as the FCRA does not contain timing requirements
for the delivery of an Adverse Action notice.
● Adverse Action Compliance Safe Harbor. It is important to note that Afterpay should
not be held liable for any violation of this section if Afterpay shows by a preponderance
of the evidence that at the time of the alleged violation Afterpay maintained
reasonable procedures to assure compliance with the provisions of this section.
● Credit Score Disclosure Notice. Under the FCRA, Afterpay must provide a risk-based
pricing notice to Consumers when the Consumer, based on information in his/her
Consumer Report, receives terms that are materially less favorable than the terms
offered to other Consumers, with certain exceptions. Where Afterpay performs
risk-based pricing, it will provide a Credit Score disclosure notice (“CSDN”) to all
applicants in lieu of a risk-based pricing notice. Afterpay will provide the CSDN to all
applicants at or before consummation of the loan.
● Joint Users. Afterpay may share Consumer Report information if Afterpay is jointly
involved in the decision to approve a Consumer's request for a product or service,
provided that each has a permissible proper purpose to obtain a Consumer Report on
the individual.
● Proper Disposal of Consumer Information. Afterpay maintains or otherwise possesses
Consumer Information for a business purpose. That said, Afterpay must properly
dispose of such information by taking reasonable measures to protect against
unauthorized access to or use of the information in connection with its disposal.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
17

Confidential and Not for Distribution
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
18

Confidential and Not for Distribution
8. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all
Employees commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Employees engaged in the activity
or performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training
upon hire and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board (“Board”). This reporting may include
specific information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues
management, training, and complaints.
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block’s Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.’s’s document retention
guidelines.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
19

Confidential and Not for Distribution
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related Program Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program
Related References:
Regulation Name Fair Credit Reporting Act
Regulation Name Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of
2003
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Counsel
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
20

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Fair Credit Reporting Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
21