○
E-Sign Policy
Cash App (U.S) | Block, Inc.
January 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Table of Contents
Table of Contents 2
Definitions 3
1. Introduction 5
2. Purpose 5
3. Scope 5
4. Policy Requirements 5
4.1 Policy Statement 5
4.2 Consumer Notification 6
4.3 Hardware and Software Requirements 6
4.4 Changes to Hardware or Software Requirements 7
4.5 Consumer Consent at Onboarding 7
4.6 Withdrawal of Consent to Electronic Records and Communications 8
4.7 Changes to Hardware or Software Requirements 8
5. Document Management 9
5.1 Document Owner 9
5.2 Review and Approval 9
6. Training 9
7. Monitoring and Reporting 9
8. Exceptions 9
9. Record Retention 10
10. Revision and Approval History 10
11. Document Details 10
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
2

Confidential
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Consumer An individual who is a natural person who obtains or has obtained a financial
product or service from Cash App that is to be used primarily for personal use..
Electronic The action of providing relevant information about a product or service to a
Disclosure Consumer through electronic means.
Electronic Record A contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received
or stored by electronic means.
Electronic Signature An electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to or logically associated
with a contract or other record and executed or adopted by a person with the
intent to sign the record.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Business Lines Implement requirements of this Policy and escalate any exceptions, violations,
or other identified risks to Compliance and/or Legal.
Cash App Consumer The owner of this Policy and responsible for:
Protection ● Developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations,
Compliance Lead ● Ensuring regulatory requirements are included in documentation,
● Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant
stakeholders including business partners,
● Liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates,
● Conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and
● Delegating and overseeing documentation requirements, as needed.
Cash App Head of Responsible for:
Compliance ● Reviewing and approving this Policy,
● Ensuring this Policy reflects industry best practices and applicable
regulatory guidance, and
● Ensuring that appropriate Staff Members are trained on the
requirements of this Policy at least annually commensurate with their
roles and responsibilities.
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
3

Confidential
As appropriate, the Head of Compliance may delegate the above
responsibilities to relevant Senior Management, the Cash App Consumer
Protection Compliance Lead or Compliance Staff who inform and escalate key
risks and Issues to the Head of Compliance.
Compliance Staff Provide oversight and guidance to Business Lines in implementing the
requirements of this Policy.
Legal Counsel Provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding the applicability and
application of the requirements of this Policy to Cash App’s business and
operational activities.
Staff Members Responsible for:
● Understanding and complying with applicable laws and regulations for
this Policy;
● Completing any required compliance training in a timely manner; and
● Promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of this Policy.
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
4

Confidential
1. Introduction
This E-Sign Policy (“Policy”) outlines Cash App’s approach to complying with the Electronic Signatures in
Global and National Commerce Act (“E-Sign”). The Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead is
responsible for management of this Policy.
E-Sign was enacted in 2000 to facilitate the use of Electronic Records and Electronic Signatures by
ensuring the validity and legal effect of contracts entered, disclosures provided, and agreements
otherwise executed electronically. E-Sign is an "overlay" law in that it does not amend any laws
specifically, but provides that a signature, contract, or other record relating to a transaction may not be
denied validity solely because it is in electronic form.
2. Purpose
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this
Policy is to establish the minimum standards and obligations for which Cash App must adhere to comply with
the requirements of E-Sign for its product offerings.
3. Scope
This Policy is established by Cash App and is applicable to all Cash App products in the United States. This
Policy ensures that Cash App Staff Members are aware of and comply with E-Sign and its requirements.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Policy Statement
E-Sign has four key requirements for an Electronic Signature to be recognized as valid under U.S. law. Those
requirements are: (1) the Consumer’s intent to sign and be bound to the transaction electronically, (2) the
Consumer’s receipt of required disclosures and affirmative and ongoing consent to conduct business
electronically in a manner that reasonably demonstrates the Consumer can access information in the
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
5

Confidential
electronic form used by the parties, (3) association of the signature with the signer’s identity, and (4) record
retention. By conforming with these requirements Cash App is permitted to provide Consumers with
information and certain notices electronically.
4.2 Consumer Notification
Prior to obtaining the Consumer’s consent to Electronic Records and Disclosures, the Company will clearly
and conspicuously inform the Consumer of the following:
● An explanation of whether the consent applies only to a particular transaction that triggered the
disclosure or to specific categories of records that may be provided electronically or made
available as part of the Consumer relationship (such as disclosures, consents, policies,
change-in-terms, adverse action notices, etc.).
● Any right or option to receive disclosures in paper form, the process for requesting a paper copy,
and whether any fee will be charged to obtain a paper copy.
● A statement of the right to withdraw consent, the process to withdraw such consent, and the
consequences of doing so. A Consumer may revoke authorization to receive records
electronically after giving initial consent.
● The process that the Consumer must follow to inform Cash App of their updated electronic
contact information.
● The minimum hardware/software requirements needed to access and retain1 electronic records.
4.3 Hardware and Software Requirements
Prior to transmitting records electronically, Cash App provides Consumers with a disclosure statement of the
hardware and software requirements needed for access to and retention of Electronic Records. The
disclosure ensures that Consumers have the technical means to receive Cash App records and disclosures
electronically.
1 An example of a retainable record is using a standard electronic format that a Consumer can download and
save or print from a personal mobile phone or computer.
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
6

Confidential
4.4 Changes to Hardware or Software Requirements
Cash App must notify Consumers of changes to hardware or software requirements needed to access or
retain their Electronic Records where the change in requirements creates a material risk that the Consumer
may not be able to access or retain subsequent Electronic Records that were subject of the initial consent.
Additionally, consent must be reaffirmed when there is a change to the hardware and/or software
requirements.
The notice must include:
● The revised hardware and/or software requirements for access to and retention of Electronic
Records; and
● A statement that the Consumer may withdraw consent without the imposition of any fees or the
imposition of any new condition or consequence resulting from the withdrawal.
4.5 Consumer Consent at Onboarding
In all of Cash App’s Consumer onboarding flows, Cash App requires Consumers to give consent to various
disclosures electronically, including the Cash App E-Sign Consent, except for circumstances that allow
disclosures to be provided without compliance with E-Sign.
The Consumer’s electronic consent at onboarding demonstrates that the Consumer can access information
provided by Cash App electronically.
● The Consumer must affirmatively consent to receive Electronic Disclosures.
● The Consumer must consent in a manner that reasonably demonstrates the ability of the
Consumer to access information in the form that will be used to provide the Electronic
Disclosures.
● The Consumer cannot proceed in the application process without consenting to receive
information and documents electronically. Reading the electronic consent form on the Cash App
website or application and acknowledging the ability to receive and download documents
electronically is deemed by Cash App as sufficient confirmation of consent.
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
7

Confidential
4.6 Withdrawal of Consent to Electronic Records and Communications
A Consumer may withdraw their consent to receive Electronic Records and communications at any time.
Withdrawal can be made using any method established in the disclosures provided to the Consumer
pursuant to E-Sign, or such other methods the Company may support.
● Withdrawl of the consent to receive Electronic Records and communications may result in
termination of the Consumer’s access to Cash App’s services. Any withdrawal of consent will be
effective after a reasonable period of time for processing the request, and Cash App will confirm
the withdrawal of consent and its effective date in writing (either electronically or in paper form).
● The Company will not impose a fee to process the withdrawal of a Consumer’s consent to receive
Electronic Records and communications.
● The Consumer’s withdrawal of their consent to receive Electronic Records and communications
does not prohibit a Consumer from providing their consent to Electronic Records and
communications again in the future.
At Cash App’s option, it may treat a Consumer’s provision of an invalid e-mail address or phone number, or
the subsequent malfunction of a previously valid e-mail address or phone number, as a withdrawal of a
Consumer’s consent to receive Electronic Records and communications at the inoperative e-mail address or
phone number.
4.7 Changes to Hardware or Software Requirements
Cash App must notify Consumers of changes to hardware or software requirements needed to access or
retain their Electronic Records where the change in requirements creates a material risk that the Consumer
may not be able to access or retain subsequent Electronic Records that were subject of the initial consent.
Additionally, consent must be reaffirmed when there is a change to the hardware and/or software
requirements.
The notice that Cash App provides to Consumers must include:
● The revised hardware and/or software requirements for access to and retention of Electronic
Records; and
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
8

Confidential
● A statement that the Consumer may withdraw consent without the imposition of any fees or the
imposition of any new condition or consequence resulting from the withdrawal.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are
outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to evaluate
adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy,
provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and regulations. Policy
exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description
of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any
approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any
approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp.
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
9

Confidential
The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as
needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
10. Revision and Approval History
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Brian Kollmeyer Cash App Creation Policy creation. Jan 10, 2025
Consumer
Protection
Compliance
Jason Liberman Interim Cash App Initial Appro… Initial policy Jan 16, 2025
Head of approval.
Compliance
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Initial Appro… Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
11. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional (United States)
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date Jan 22, 2025
Effective Date Jan 22, 2025
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
10

Confidential
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually
E-Sign Policy | Cash App (U.S.) | Block, Inc.
11