Telephone Consumer
Protection Act Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 6
3. Purpose 6
4. Scope 6
5. Policy Requirements 6
5.1 Policy Statement 6
5.2 TCPA Policy Requirements 7
6. Roles and Responsibilities 9
7. Document Management 10
7.1 Document Owner 10
7.2 Review and Approval 10
8. Training 10
9. Monitoring and Reporting 10
10. Exceptions 11
11. Record Retention 11
12. Related Documentation or References 11
13. Revision and Approval History 12
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 12
13.2 Approval History 12
14. Document Details 12
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Advertisement Any material advertising the commercial availability or quality of any
property, goods, or services.
Automatic Equipment that has the capacity to store or produce telephone numbers
Telephone Dialing to be called, using a random or sequential number generator and to dial
System (“ADTS”) such numbers.
Credit Products Encomasses Afterpay’s three lending products (Buy Now Pay Later, Pay
Monthly, and AfterPay Plus) unless noted otherwise.
Established For purposes of Telephone Solicitations, the term means a prior or
Business existing relationship formed by a voluntary two-way communication
Relationship between Afterpay and a residential subscriber with or without an
exchange of consideration, on the basis of the subscriber’s purchase or
transaction with Afterpay within the 18 months immediately preceding
the date of the telephone call or on the basis of the subscriber's inquiry
or application regarding products or services offered by Afterpay within
the three months immediately preceding the date of the call, which
relationship has not been previously terminated by either party.
For purposes of facsimile Advertisements, the term means a prior or
existing relationship formed by a voluntary two-way communication
between Afterpay and a business or residential subscriber with or
without an exchange of consideration, on the basis of an inquiry,
application, purchase, or transaction by the business or residential
subscriber regarding products offered by Afterpay, which relationship
has not been previously terminated by either party.
Prior Express An agreement, in writing, bearing the signature of the person called that
Written Consent clearly authorizes Afterpay to deliver or cause to be delivered to the
person called Advertisements or Telemarketing messages using an
Automatic Telephone Dialing System or an artificial or prerecorded voice,
and the telephone number to which the signatory authorizes such
Advertisements or Telemarketing messages to be delivered.
The written agreement must include a clear and conspicuous disclosure
informing the person signing that:
● By executing the agreement, such person authorizes Afterpay to
deliver or cause to be delivered to the signatory Telemarketing
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
calls using an Automatic Telephone Dialing System or an artificial
or prerecorded voice; and
● The person is not required to sign the agreement (directly or
indirectly), or agree to enter into such an agreement as a
condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services.
The “signature” required for Prior Express Written Consent includes an
electronic or digital form of signature, to the extent that such form of
signature is recognized as a valid signature under applicable federal law
or state contract law.
Seller The person or entity on whose behalf a telephone call or message is
initiated for the purpose of encouraging the purchase or rental of, or
investment in, property, goods, or services, which is transmitted to any
person.
Telemarketer The person or entity that initiates a telephone call or message for the
purpose of encouraging the purchase or rental of, or investment in,
property, goods, or services, which is transmitted to any person.
Telemarketing The initiation of a telephone call or message for the purpose of
encouraging the purchase or rental of, or investment in, property, goods,
or services, which is transmitted to any person.
Telephone Equipment which has the capacity to transcribe text or images, or both,
Facsimile Machine from paper into an electronic signal and to transmit that signal over a
regular telephone line, or to transcribe text or images (or both) from an
electronic signal received over a regular telephone line onto paper.
Telephone The initiation of a telephone call or message for the purpose of
Solicitation encouraging the purchase or rental of, or investment in, property, goods,
or services, which is transmitted to any person. The term does not
include a call or message:
● To any person with that person's prior express invitation or
permission
● To any person with whom the caller has an Established Business
Relationship, or
● By a tax-exempt nonprofit organization.
Unsolicited Any material advertising the commercial availability or quality of any
Advertisement property, goods, or services which is transmitted to any person without
that person's prior express invitation or permission, in writing or
otherwise.
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
2. Introduction
This Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Afterpay US, Inc.’s commitment to
comply with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (“TCPA”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance
and/or their designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate Afterpay’s commitment to comply with the applicable
requirements of the TCPA.
This Policy outlines the requirements for adhering to TCPA as they pertain to the Credit Products
offered by Afterpay. The TCPA restricts and limits how entities can contact consumers via facsimile or
telephone, including landline and wireless numbers. In general, calls subject to the TCPA require the
recipient’s consent. The type and nature of consent required depends on whether the call or text
message is placed for “Telemarketing” purposes or for “informational” purposes.
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay. This Policy establishes guidelines for Afterpay’s suite of Credit
Products, unless stated otherwise. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay Employees
are aware of and comply with applicable obligations under the TCPA.
5. Policy Requirements
5.1 Policy Statement
Afterpay does not currently engage in Telemarketing or outbound calls to existing and prospective
customers for its Credit Products. In the event that Afterpay chooses to amend its practices, Afterpay
is committed to complying with applicable requirements of TCPA.
This Policy outlines the requirements that govern when Afterpay must obtain prior express consent,
or Prior Express Written Consent before contacting consumers. The Policy also describes the
requirements for Afterpay to evaluate whether a call can be made to a number that is registered on
a do-not-call list, and outlines the restrictions that apply to Advertisements sent via facsimile.
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.2 TCPA Policy Requirements
● Autodialed Telephone Numbers. Afterpay does not currently use an ATDS or
artificial/pre-recorded voice calls. In the event Afterpay elects to use those functions as
part of its business operations, Afterpay will comply with the relevant TCPA
requirements.
● Autodialed Text Messages. Autodialed text messages, including Internet-to-phone
text messages, require the same type of consent as that required for an equivalent call
to a wireless phone number—Prior Express Written Consent for Telemarketing texts
and prior express consent for informational texts. Therefore, Afterpay must obtain
either prior express consent or Prior Express Written Consent as necessary before
sending such text messages to consumers.
● Revocation of Consent. Afterpay will monitor a consumer’s account to determine
whether a consumer has revoked prior express consent or Prior Express Written
Consent. A consumer can revoke consent using any “reasonable” method, which
includes oral or written revocation. Afterpay will not limit a consumer’s ability to revoke
consent by requiring consumers to use an exclusive means of revocation.
● Timing of Telephone Solicitations. Afterpay will not initiate any Telephone
Solicitation to any residential telephone subscriber (landline) or wireless telephone
numbers before the hour of 8 a.m. or after 9 p.m. (local time at the called party’s
location).
● National Do Not Call List. Afterpay will comply with the TCPA’s restrictions that apply
to consumers who have registered his or her telephone numbers on the national
do-not-call (“DNC”) registry. The TCPA prohibits Afterpay from initiating Telephone
Solicitations to a residential telephone subscriber as well as any wireless telephone
subscriber who has registered his or her telephone number on the national DNC
registry. This restriction applies to all Telephone Solicitations, including those that are
non-ATDS live person calls. Afterpay will honor national DNC registrations indefinitely,
or until the registration is canceled by the consumer or the telephone number is
removed from the database.
Telephone solicitation does not include calls or text messages made with the
recipient’s prior express permission or to any person with whom the caller has an
Established Business Relationship with Afterpay.
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Internal Do Not Call Lists. Afterpay will institute policies and procedures for
maintaining an internal DNC list, which includes all requests received from customers
to stop receipt of text messages. The TCPA prohibits entities from initiating any calls
for Telemarketing purposes to a residential telephone subscriber or a wireless number
unless the entity has instituted procedures for maintaining an internal DNC list.
Afterpay will implement procedures for maintaining a list of residential telephone or
wireless subscribers who have made specific requests to Afterpay not to receive
Telemarketing calls, including: (1) a written policy for maintaining a DNC list; (2)
training personnel engaged in Telemarketing about how to use and adhere to
Afterpay's DNC list; (3) recording DNC requests and honoring such requests within a
reasonable time not to exceed 30 days; (4) meeting certain requirements that identify
the Sellers and Telemarketers on calls; and (5) continuing to honor the request for five
years from the time the request is made.
● Established Business Relationship Exception. Afterpay will monitor to ensure that a
consumer has not taken actions that would terminate the Established Business
Relationship and Afterpay's ability to rely on this exception to the DNC call restrictions.
Even if a consumer continues to do business with Afterpay, an internal DNC request,
as discussed above, terminates an Established Business Relationship for purposes of
Telemarketing and Telephone Solicitations made to consumers on the DNC registry.
In addition, the consumer’s Established Business Relationship with Afterpay does not
extend to affiliated entities unless the consumer would reasonably expect them to be
included given the nature and type of goods or services offered by the affiliate and the
identity of the affiliate.
● Artificial and Prerecorded Voice Messages. Afterpay does not currently use artificial
or prerecorded voice messages. If Afterpay uses artificial or prerecorded voice
messages, Afterpay will provide the relevant disclosures required by the TCPA when
the messages are used for Telemarketing calls, including a mechanism to opt out of
such calls.
● Caller Identification. When engaged in Telemarketing, Afterpay must transmit Caller
ID information and is prohibited from blocking Caller ID. In the event Afterpay
conducts any Telemarketing, it is Afterpay’s policy to not engage in any Caller ID
spoofing.
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Lead Generation Rule. Should Afterpay choose to engage in utilizing third-parties to
make marketing calls on Afterpay's behalf, Afterpay will obtain consumer’s express
written consent to receive robocalls and robotexts one marketing partner at a time.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all
employees commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All employees engaged in the activity
or performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training
upon hire and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.'s document retention
guidelines. Additionally, TCPA specifically requires Afterpay to maintain TCPA-related records for at
least 48 months. This includes all information on text campaigns, including numbers, content,
opt-in(s), opt-out(s), and any other relevant records. All records related to compliance with the TCPA
for any Afterpay account must be maintained for at least 48 months and in accordance with
Afterpay’s record retention policies and practices.
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related References:
Regulation Name Telephone Consumer Protection Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Counsel
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Telephone Consumer Protection Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
12