Truth-in-Lending (“TILAˮ) Policy
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Nov 25, 2025
Effective Date: Nov 25, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Truth in Lending Act Policy (the "Policy") outlines Block, Inc.'s
approach to ensuring compliance with the Truth in Lending Act ("TILA") and its implementing
Regulation Z. The purpose of this Policy is to establish comprehensive guidelines governing Block,
Inc., and its U.S. subsidiaries' compliance with the TILA. Block's Business Product Compliance
Lead, Lending & Credit, and/or their designee, is responsible for the management of this Policy.
Scope: This Policy applies to Block, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Block") that engage in
closed-end lending activities subject to TILA. The only exception is Square Financial Services
(“SFSˮ), Blockʼs Utah state-chartered Industrial Bank federally regulated by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, which has its own Compliance Program.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Annual A measure of the cost of credit expressed as a yearly rate that relates the
Percentage Rate amount and timing of value received by the consumer to the amount and
(“APRˮ)
timing of payments made.
Billing Cycle The interval between the days or dates of regular periodic statements. These
intervals must be equal and no longer than a quarter of a year. An interval is
considered equal if the number of days in the cycle does not vary more than
four days from the regular day or date of the periodic statement.
Billing Error Written notice received from a borrower that indicates a belief that a billing
Notice error exists that is received within 60 calendar days of the first periodic
statement that reflects the alleged billing error and includes information
sufficient to identify the borrower's name and/or account number.
1

Business Day A day on which creditor's offices are open to the public for carrying on
substantially all business functions.
Closed-end Consumer credit other than open-end credit.
Credit
Consummation The time that a Consumer becomes contractually obligated on a credit
transaction.
Consumer A cardholder or natural person to whom Consumer credit is offered or
extended.
Open-end Credit Consumer credit extended under a plan in which:
● The creditor reasonably contemplates repeated transactions;
● The creditor may impose a finance charge from time to time on an
outstanding unpaid balance; and
● The amount of credit that may be extended during the term of the
plan is generally made available to the extent that any outstanding
balance is repaid.
Periodic Rate A rate of finance charge that is or may be imposed by a creditor on a balance
for a day, week, month, or other subdivision of a year.
Finance Charge The cost of Consumer credit is represented as a dollar amount, including any
charge payable directly or indirectly by the Consumer and imposed directly
or indirectly by Block as a condition of the credit.
2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1 Policy Statement
Block offers closed-end credit products subject to TILA's requirements for credit cards and
traditional closed-end installment loans. The requirements set forth below govern both current
offerings and potential future products. Block complies with the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau's Interpretive Rule Docket No. CFPB20240017, "Use of Digital User Accounts to Access
Buy Now, Pay Later Loans."
General Disclosure Requirements
Block will make all disclosures required pursuant to Regulation Z in writing, in a form that the
Consumer may keep. The disclosures will be provided to the Consumer in a reasonably
understandable form and may be provided electronically, subject to compliance with the
Consumerʼs consent and other applicable provisions of the Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act (“ESign Actˮ).
2

Content of Disclosures
The disclosures will reflect the credit terms to which the parties will be legally bound as of the
outset of the credit transaction. Block will disclose the following information as applicable:
● Block's identity
● The amount financed, using that term, and a brief description such as "the amount of credit
provided to you or on your behalf"
● A separate written itemization of the amount financed (either proactively or upon request)
● The Finance Charge, using that term, and a brief description such as "the dollar amount the
credit will cost you"
Block will disclose all required credit terms accurately and clearly, including the amount financed,
FInance Charge, APR, payment schedule, and other material terms required by Regulation Z.
Block will provide all required TILA disclosures for credit transactions, including but not limited to
the Annual Percentage Rate, payment terms, fees, and other material credit terms as required by
Regulation Z. All disclosures will use prescribed terminology and follow applicable regulatory
guidance and model forms.
Treatment of Credit Balances
When a credit balance in excess of $1 is created in connection with a transaction, Block will:
● Credit the amount of the credit balance to the Consumer's account
● Refund any part of the remaining credit balance upon written request of the Consumer
● Make a good faith effort to refund to the Consumer by cash, check, money order, or credit
to a deposit account any part of the credit balance remaining in the account for more than
6 months
Determination of APR
Block will calculate the APR in accordance with either the actuarial method or the United States
Rule method, following the explanations, equations, and instructions set forth in Appendix J of
Regulation Z. The disclosed APR will be considered accurate if it is not more than 1/8 of one
percent above or below the APR calculated under Regulation Z.
Advertising Requirements
Block requires all promotional and advertising materials to meet applicable regulatory
requirements. In an oral response to a Consumer's inquiry about the cost of credit, Block will only
state the APR. However, Block may also state a simple annual rate or Periodic Rate if it is applied to
an unpaid balance. If the APR cannot be determined in advance, Block will state the APR for a
sample transaction and may give other cost information for the Consumer's specific transaction.
3

All promotional and advertising materials that state specific terms will state only those terms that
actually are or will be arranged or offered by Block. All required disclosures will be made clearly
and conspicuously.
Any advertisements that state a rate of Finance Charge will state that rate as an APR, using that
term. If the APR may be increased after Consummation, the advertisement will state that fact. The
advertisement will not state any other rate, except that a simple annual rate or Periodic Rate that is
applied to an unpaid balance may be stated in conjunction with the APR.
Block requires proper disclosures in marketing and advertising materials when the following trigger
terms are used:
● The amount or percentage of any down payment
● The number of payments or period of repayment
● The amount of any payment
● The amount of any Finance Charge
If any of these triggering terms are included in promotional materials, Block requires the insertion
of the following additional disclosures:
● The amount or percentage of the down payment
● The terms of repayment, which reflect the repayment obligations over the full term of the
loan, including any balloon payment
● The APR, using that term, and if the rate may be increased after Consummation, that fact
For multiple-page or electronic advertisements that provide information in a table or schedule, the
table or schedule of terms must include all appropriate disclosures for a representative scale of
amounts up to the level of the more commonly sold higher-priced products or services offered.
Television or radio advertisements stating any trigger terms must clearly state either each
additional disclosure or the information required regarding APR and list a telephone number and
reference for Consumers to obtain additional cost information.
3. Partner Bank-Specific Requirements
Block will comply with partner bank-specific requirements, which may be detailed further in related
Standards or Procedures. This section outlines only the distinct implementations and unique
requirements set forth by Blockʼs bank partner(s) for a subset of its products.
3.1 Card Issuance Requirements
For certain products, Block may limit card issuance to requested or renewed cards, cap liability for
unauthorized use, and allow consumers to assert claims/defenses against the card issuer when
disputes with merchants are unresolved, as well as other obligations that may be applicable.
4

4. Compliance & Enforcement
4.1 Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Compliance Policy Committee (“CPCˮ):
○ Provides oversight and governance of applicable Compliance Policies and is
responsible for reviewing and approving this policy annually to ensure alignment
with regulatory requirements and expectations
○ Providing guidance on significant policy matters
○ Ensuring consistency across Blockʼs Compliance Policy Framework
● Block Inc, Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ)
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the organization
○ Establishes appropriate practices designed to ensure Company operations reflect
Block's commitment to compliance
○ Ensures all Employees are aware of their compliance responsibilities
○ Monitors and reports on compliance with this Policy
○ May delegate responsibilities to relevant Senior Management or Compliance
Employees who inform and escalate key risks and issues to the CCO
● Head of Consumer Protection
○ Serves as the primary delegate for the CCO in matters relating to this Policy
○ Oversees the development and maintenance of compliance procedures
○ Coordinates policy reviews and updates
○ Manages the policy exception process
● Legal Counsel
○ Provides approval and interpretative advice regarding the applicability and
application of policy requirements
○ Ensures legal compliance across all jurisdictions
○ Provides guidance on complex compliance matters
● Employees
○ Understand and comply with all applicable requirements of this Policy
○ Complete required compliance training in a timely manner
○ Report actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements
○ Follow proper procedures for email communications
○ Maintain awareness of updates and changes to requirements
● Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending & Credit
○ Implement policy requirements within their respective business units
○ Monitor day-to-day compliance activities
○ Manage training requirements for their business unit
○ Report issues or concerns to the CCO
○ Ensure brand-specific requirements are met while maintaining overall compliance
4.2 Monitoring and Reporting
5

On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy,
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive
management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
○ Policies and standards
○ Procedures
○ Audit/exam findings
○ Issues management
○ Training
○ Complaints
4.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
4.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
○ Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy, or
○ Applicable regulatory requirements
4.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
5. Questions & Contact Information
● Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy
Owner.
6

6. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Amanda C… Regulatory Initial Appro… Attestation to Oct 10, 2025
Counsel Document
Contents
Corey Cha… Business Product Initial Appro… Attestation to Oct 15, 2025
Compliance Lead, Document
Contents
Lending & Credit
Compliance Compliance Initial Appro… Approval of Oct 30, 2025
Policy Policy Committee up-leveled Block,
Committee Inc. Document to
include coverage
for Block, Inc. and
applicable
brands.
Corey Cha… Business Product Immaterial C… Approval of Nov 25, 2025
Compliance Lead, immaterial
change to Card
Lending & Credit
Issuance
Requirements
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope US
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending &
Credit
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
7