Servicemembers Civil Relief
Act Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 5
3. Purpose 5
4. Scope 6
5. Policy Requirements 6
5.1 Policy Statement 6
5.2 SCRA Policy Requirements 6
6. Roles and Responsibilities 8
7. Document Management 9
7.1 Document Owner 9
7.2 Review and Approval 9
8. Training 9
9. Monitoring and Reporting 10
10. Exceptions 10
11. Record Retention 10
12. Related Documentation or References 10
13. Revision and Approval History 11
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 11
13.2 Approval History 11
14. Document Details 11
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Active Duty The term “ Active Duty” means full-time duty in the active Military Service
of the United States. Such term includes full-time training duty, annual
training duty, and attendance, while in active Military Service, at a school
designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary of the military
department concerned. This term does not include full-time National
Guard duty.
Credit Products Encomasses Afterpay’s three lending products (Buy Now Pay Later, Pay
Monthly, and AfterPay Plus) unless noted otherwise.
Default Judgment A judgment against an individual in any civil action or proceeding where
the defendant or the defendant’s attorney does not make an
appearance.
Department of A public database that allows Afterpay (or its agent or attorney) to
Defense Manpower determine if an individual is a Servicemember on Active Duty Military
Data Center Service (https://scra.dmdc.osd.mil/scra/#/home).
Website (“DMDC”
Website)
Dependent Dependents are permitted to request relief under the SCRA. The
Servicemember’s spouse, the Servicemember’s child, or an individual for
whom the Servicemember provided more than one-half of the
individual’s support for 180 days immediately preceding an application
for relief under the SCRA. Dependents are permitted to request relief
under the SCRA.
Military Service The term "Military Service" means:
● A member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Space
Force, or Coast Guard on Active Duty;
● Reservists on federal Active Duty;
● A member of the National Guard on service under a call to Active
Duty for a period of more than 30 consecutive days for purposes
of responding to a national emergency declared by the President
and supported by Federal funds;
● A commissioned officer of the Public Health Service or the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on Active
Duty; and
● Any period during which a Servicemember is absent from duty
on account of sickness, wounds, leave, or other lawful cause.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● A citizen of the United States who is serving with the forces of a
nation with which the United States is allied in the prosecution of
a war or military action.
Period of Military The period beginning on the date on which a Servicemember enters
Service Military Service and ending on the date on which the Servicemember is
released from Military Service or dies while in Military Service. For
reservists, the period beginning on the date of the military orders and
ending on the date on which the Servicemember is released from
Military Service or dies while in Military Service. In computing the statute
of limitations, Afterpay will not include a Servicemember’s Military
Service.
Servicemember Full-time members of the uniformed services, including United States
Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, Space Force, Officers of the
Public Health Services, the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration, and members of the Active Duty
Reserves, or members of the National Guard called to active service
(including persons ordered to report for induction, basic training, or
special job school) as authorized by the President or Secretary of Defense
for a period of more than 30 consecutive days.
2. Introduction
This Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Afterpay US, Inc’s (“Afterpay”)
commitment to comply with the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (“SCRA”). Cash App’s Head of
Compliance and/or their designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate Afterpay’s commitment to comply with applicable
requirements of SCRA.
This Policy outlines the requirements for adhering to SCRA as they pertain to the Credit Products
offered by Afterpay. SCRA governs, among other things, how financial institutions treat loans when
an obligor is called to Active Duty Military Service, and the benefits extended to the Dependents of
the impacted Servicemember. The intent of the SCRA is to enable Servicemembers of the United
States “to devote their entire energy to the defense needs of the Nation'' and “for the temporary
suspension of judicial and administrative proceedings and transactions that may adversely affect the
civil rights of Servicemembers during their Military Service.”
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
The SCRA applies to any and all debts, or portions thereof, incurred prior to the Servicemember’s
Active Duty Military Service. Certain provisions of the SCRA apply to debt products regardless of
when they were opened.
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay. This Policy is applicable to Afterpay’s Employees and sets out
the approach to SCRA compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay and relevant
personnel are aware of and comply with expectations regarding SCRA.
5. Policy Requirements
5.1 Policy Statement
Afterpay is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the SCRA.
5.2 SCRA Policy Requirements
For most Servicemembers, the SCRA’s benefits and protections begin on the date that the
Servicemember is called to Active Duty Military Service. However, reservists and members of the
National Guard who are ordered to report to Active Duty Military Service are entitled to receive the
benefits and protections under the SCRA beginning on the date of the Servicemember’s receipt of
orders calling them to Active Duty Military Service.
● Interest Rate Benefit. Generally, an Active Duty Servicemember is eligible for an
interest rate cap at 6% inclusive of fees. To qualify for the interest rate cap, the Service
member must request such relief. To be approved for such relief, the regulation
specifies that Servicemember must demonstrate that he or she is either: (i) on Active
Duty; or (ii) submit their request within 180 days of termination of Active Duty for a
retroactive reduction of interest at 6% in which Afterpay will provide an interest and
fee refund, as necessary.
In order to receive the SCRA benefits, the Servicemember would normally provide one
of the following:
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ A copy of the Service member’s orders calling the Servicemember to Active
Duty service; or
○ A properly completed Department of Defense Short Form.
However, Afterpay does not require that Servicemembers request SCRA benefits to
show proof of their Active Duty status and Afterpay’s policy is to reduce
Servicemembers’ interest rates beyond the SCRA’s requirements. It is Afterpay’s policy
to (1) honor any and all requests for SCRA benefits and (2) reduce the Servicemember’s
interest rate to 0%, inclusive of all fees of any kind, upon written notification of a
Servicemember requesting SCRA benefits. This benefit will remain in effect until days
after the date of discharge.
Afterpay will not sell the debt to any third party or initiate legal action against the
Servicemember during such time that the Servicemember is on Active Duty. Proof of
military enrollment and Active Duty will be required.
It is important to note that a Servicemember’s exercise of their rights under the SCRA,
does not affect their ability to enter into a future financial transaction with Afterpay.
Additionally, a power of attorney shall be automatically extended for the period a
Servicemember is in a “missing” status, as defined by section 551(2) of title 37.
● Default Judgment Protection. The SCRA provides certain protections for individuals
facing a Default Judgment. In every instance that Afterpay seeks a Default Judgment
against a defendant, Afterpay (or its attorney or agent) must perform a search of the
DMDC Website to determine whether that defendant is on Active Duty. Regardless of
the outcome, as part of the motion for a Default Judgment, Afterpay (or its attorney or
agent) must file an affidavit stating whether the defendant is in Military Service and
showing necessary facts to support the affidavit. If Afterpay is unable to determine a
defendant’s military status, Afterpay (or its attorney or agent) must file an affidavit
stating that it is unable to determine whether the defendant is in Military Service.
After filing such an affidavit, Afterpay will comply with any ruling that the court may
make to protect the interests of the defendant. This Default Judgment protection
under the SCRA applies to debts incurred before entering Active Duty and debts
incurred while on Active Duty
If a court stays the applicability of a contract to a Servicemember as provided under
the SCRA, Afterpay will not assess penalties against the Servicemember for failure to
comply with the requirements of the contract during the stay period under the SCRA.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Waiver of Benefits and Protections. A Servicemember may waive any of the rights
and protections of the SCRA, provided that waiver is in the form of signed written
instrument executed during or after a Servicemembers’ period of service. In certain
instances, a Servicemember may find it advantageous to waive the SCRA protections,
such as when the Servicemember does not object to Afterpay taking collection
actions against him or her. In all communications regarding the effect of a waiver,
Afterpay will not misrepresent any of the requirements or effects of signing such a
waiver. Afterpay will not request that Servicemembers waive their legal rights in order
to receive SCRA’s benefits and protections.
● Protections of Persons Secondarily Liable. Upon application to a court by someone
who is secondarily liable on a Servicemember's obligation or liability, the SCRA allows
a court to protect those who are secondarily liable on an obligation or liability
involving a Servicemember to the same extent as the SCRA does to the
Servicemember himself or herself.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all
Employees commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Employees engaged in the activity
or performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training
upon hire and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.'s document retention
guidelines.
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related References:
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Regulation Name Servicemembers Civil Relief Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Counsel
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
12