Electronic Signature Policy
Square | Square Capital, LLC | Credit Card
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Electronic Signature (“ESignˮ) Policy (“Policyˮ) outlines Square
Capital, LLCʼs (“Square Capitalˮ or the “Companyʼ) approach to compliance with the Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act. This Policy was created and adopted with the
sole focus on Square Capitalʼs commercial credit card program. The Chief Compliance Officer
(“CCOˮ) oversees the development and implementation of this Policy and has delegated ownership
of this Policy document to the Square Head of Compliance. Square Capital conducts business in
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this Policy is to further Square
Capitalʼs compliance with ESign. Square Capital is committed to fully complying with ESign and
to upholding Square Capital business requirements that do not run counter to the Act.
Scope: This Policy is established by Square Capital and is applicable to Square Capitalʼs credit
card product.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Electronic Relating to technology having electrical, digital, magnetic, wireless, optical,
electromagnetic, or similar capabilities.
Electronic A contract or other Record created, generated, sent, communicated,
Record received, or stored by Electronic means.
Electronic An Electronic sound, symbol, or process, attached to or logically associated
Signature with a contract or other Record and executed or adopted by a person with the
intent to Sign the Record.
Information Data, text, images, sounds, codes, computed programs, software, databases,
or the like.

Record Information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or that is stored in an
Electronic or other medium and is retrievable in perceivable form.
Staff Member(s) All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and includes interns,
temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers and
contractors.
Transaction An action or set of actions relating to the conduct of business, consumer, or
commercial affairs between two or more persons, including any of the
following types of conduct:
● The sale, lease, exchange, licensing, or other disposition of:
○ Personal property, including goods and intangibles;
○ Services; and
○ Any combination thereof; or
● The sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of any interest in real
property, or any combination thereof.
2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1. Policy Statement
Square Capital adheres to the requirements of ESign for all of its product offerings. Federal laws,
regulations, and guidelines related to ESign are regulated by the Federal Trade Commission,
providing lending Records and disclosures electronically.
The Companyʼs goal is to implement procedures that:
● Facilitate e-commerce and make legally valid Electronic Transactions;
● Prevent deception and fraud in Transactions involving Electronic Records; and
● Ensure that customers can access Information Square Capital sends electronically.
2.2. Background
ESign allows Square Capital to facilitate e-commerce and provide disclosures and Records that are
typically required to be “in writingˮ in an Electronic format. The Company ensures that prior to
engaging in Transactions in which it provides disclosures and Records Electronically, that the
customer has provided affirmative consent and demonstrates the ability to access the disclosure
and/or Record. ESign only applies to consumer product offerings, but Square Capital has elected to
apply its requirements to its credit card product.

The Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (“UETAˮ) establishes the legal equivalence of Electronic
Records and Signatures with paper writings and manually-Signed Signatures. Forty-seven states, the
District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands have adopted UETA, which was promulgated
by the Uniform Law Commission. By adopting the official version of UETA, states have the authority
to modify, limit or supersede some ESign provisions, including its consumer protection provisions.
ESign governs in the absence of a state law or where states have made modifications to UETA that
are inconsistent with ESign.
2.3. ESign Requirements
Disclosures
Prior to transmitting Records Electronically, Square Capital provides a clear and conspicuous
disclosure statement informing the customer of:
● The availability of paper Records;
● The scope, effect, and applicability of consent;
● The right to withdraw consent;
● Procedures to withdraw the consent;
● Procedures to update the Electronic Information, such as contact email address; and
● Hardware and software requirements.
Hardware and Software Requirements
As stated above, prior to transmitting Records Electronically, Square Capital provides customers with a
statement of the hardware and software requirements for access to and retention of Electronic
Records. The disclosure ensures that customers have the technical means to receive lending Records
and disclosures Electronically.
Required Consent
Square Capital has implemented a control that allows a customer to give consent Electronically. This
also demonstrates that the customer can access Information in the Electronic form that the Company
will use to provide Information.
Square Capital is required to explain that the consumer has the right to withdraw consent and provide
the procedures to withdraw consent as well as the consequences of withdrawing consent, such as
fees, termination of the relationship, loss of preferred pricing or having to switch account types.
Changes to Hardware and Software Requirements

Square Capital also notifies customers of a change to hardware or software requirements needed to
access or retain their Electronic Records where the change in requirements creates a material risk that
the customer will not be able to access or retain subsequent Electronic Records that were the subject
of the initial consent. Additionally, consent must also be re-affirmed when there is a change to the
hardware and/or software requirements.
When Square Capital provides such notice, the notice includes:
● The revised hardware and software requirements for access to and retention of the Electronic
Records; and
● A statement that the customer may withdraw consent without the imposition of any fees or the
imposition of any new condition or consequence resulting from the withdrawal.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) :
○ The CCO will provide assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the
organization and shall be responsible for establishing appropriate practices
designed to ensure that Company operations reflect the Companyʼs commitment to
compliance and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
○ The CCO is responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy.
The CCO delegates the responsibilities in this section to the Square Head of
Compliance along with the authority to adopt, develop and implement procedures
and reporting that support this Policy.
● Counsel:
○ The Companyʼs legal Counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding
the applicability and application of the requirements of this Policy to the Companyʼs
business and operational activities.
● Square Capital Board of Managers (“SCBMˮ):
○ Reviews and approves this Policy annually.
● Square Head of Compliance, or Square Consumer Protection Program Lead as designee:
○ Owns this Policy document, reviews and approves exception requests.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:

● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Policy Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Square
Capital, LLC and on a need-to-know basis.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act

5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
N/A Credit Card Creation New policy March 3, 2022
Compliance intended for the
Committee credit card
product based on
former Square
Capital policy.
Amelia Child… Chief Compliance Initial Appro… Initial Approval March 2022
Officer
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Updated July 2, 2024
Board of Board of format/content
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Scheduled January 24, 2025
Board of Board of review; Immaterial
Managers Managers update
Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Scheduled October 3, 2025
Policy Policy Committee review; Immaterial
Committee minor
enhancements
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Lending Product Compliance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2