Fiat P2P Scam Policy
Cash App | US
Last Approved: Mar 27, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 27, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Cash App is committed to the establishment of a comprehensive
Anti-Fraud program for its peer-to-peer product. An integral part of that program relates to Cash
Appʼs efforts to remove a form of fraudulently-induced transactions, also known as Scams, from
Cash App's platform.
The purpose of this Fiat P2P Scams Policy ("Policy") is to establish and communicate to all
employees, Cash App's holistic approach to preventing, deterring, detecting, and reporting Scams,
and the circumstances under which Cash App will reimburse its customers for money lost as a
result of a Scam. This document defines what a "Scam" is, details how Cash App categorizes
Scams, and outlines the responsibilities of employees to protect Cash App customers from being
victimized by Scams.
Scope: This Policy is established by Cash App US. References to employees throughout this
document shall refer to all full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including
interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Brand / Business The customer receives an unprovoked external incoming message
Impersonation (email, text message, phone call, etc). The message indicates that there
is an issue with one of the customer's accounts (e.g. Apple, Amazon, or
their local utility) and the scammer needs the customer to pay to resolve
the situation (suspicious purchase, past due bill, etc) using their Cash
App account.
1

Cash App A customer comes into contact via social media with an account
Giveaway/Prize purporting to be an official Cash App account, which gives the scammer
Scam an added level of legitimacy. The customer is told to pay a small fee via
Cash App in order to win a prize. Ultimately, the prize is never awarded.
In this scam, the customer may have some familiarity with Cash App but
the outreach is specific to winning a prize - not resolving an issue.
Cash App The customer receives an external incoming message (email, text
Impersonation message, phone call, etc) purporting to be from Cash App. This message
often states that a payment needs to be made from the customer's Cash
App account to rectify a glitch, verify/secure their account, receive a
pending payment, or resolve some other issue.
Celebrity The fraudster creates a fake online presence impersonating a specific
Impersonation celebrity and makes social media posts offering fans personal
connections, VIP access, investment opportunities and the chance to
support the celebrity's favorite charities, but they must pay to
participate. Ultimately, the customer sends funds via Cash App to the
fraudster and receives nothing in return.
Charity/Charitable The fraudster creates a fake online presence impersonating a specific
Giving Impersonation charity and posts pleas on social media that pull at the customer's
heartstrings. The customer ultimately sends funds to a Cash App
account that they believe is operated by or will benefit the actual charity.
Cleared Recipient A recipient which has not been confirmed as a Scammer through the
scam investigative process.
Customer A natural or juridical person that opens an account and receives Cash
App products and services, or a person opening a new account for
someone who lacks legal capacity.
Debt/Credit These scams target customers with significant credit card debt by falsely
Resolution Scam promising to negotiate with their creditors to settle or otherwise reduce
their repayment obligations. These operations often charge
cash-strapped customers a large up-front fee via Cash App, but then fail
to help them settle or lower their debts – if they provide any service at all.
Deception Scams Deception scams occur when the Cash App customer has no familiarity
and has no relationship prior to being contacted to the entity the
scammer is posing as and is defrauded. Cash App defines the following
types of scams as deception scams: Debt/Credit Resolution Scams, Job
Scam, Fake Check Scam, Money Flip Scam, Giveaway/Prize Scam, Cash
App Giveaway/Prize Scam, Goods and Services Scam, Technical Support
Scam, Rental/Housing Scam, and Romance Scam.
Fake Check Scam A scammer sends the customer a check or money order worth more than
the amount they are owed and instructs them to return the excess funds
2

back to them via Cash App. The scammer will portray the situation as
urgent and ask the customer to front the funds while the bank is
processing the check. But the check will ultimately bounce, and the bank
will require the customer to repay the full amount of the fake check. The
scammers will keep the real money they received.
Friend/Family The fraudster creates a fake Cash App account using specific
Impersonation characteristics of another real customer's personal information. The
fraudster obtains all the information they need to make the fake profile by
either taking over someone's social media account or by scraping social
media accounts that are not private. The fraudster then sends multiple
requests to the impersonated person's contacts, either by knowing
$cashtags, phone numbers ahead of time or by searching for profiles in
Cash App's search functionality. The subject lines of the requests
indicate the impersonated person is in trouble or needs money urgently.
The customer ultimately sends funds via Cash App, but eventually
realizes the person who is being impersonated is not who is sending the
requests.
Giveaway/Prize The scammer pretends to be running an official giveaway from a
Scam generally known brand or business. The customer will receive outreach
in the form of a call, email, or letter saying they won a sweepstakes,
lottery, or prize, but are told to pay a small fee via Cash App to get the
prize. Ultimately, the prize is never awarded. In this scam, the customer
may have some familiarity with the brand or business but the outreach is
specific to winning a prize - not resolving an issue.
Goods and Services The scammer pretends to be a legitimate online seller using a very real
Scam looking website and/or is selling a good or service via social media
marketplace sites. They offer products or services at prices that are
often too good to be true and post fake reviews to corroborate their
scam. The customer (buyer) will often pay some or all of the cost of the
item upfront via Cash App. The seller has no intention to provide the
good or service, nor will the scammer meet face-to-face to facilitate the
exchange of a good or service. The identification of this scam depends
on the seller's Cash App account characteristics and their behaviors post
receipt of the funds from the buyer, (ie. the seller has stopped
communicating with the buyer, the seller's Cash App account shows
signs of being a scammer).
Government The customer will receive an external incoming message (email, text
Impersonation message, phone call, etc) from someone who says they work for a
government agency FTC, Social Security Administration, FBI, IRS, etc).
The scammer is often looking for personal information and/or requires a
payment via Cash App to resolve an urgent issue.
3

Imposter Scam Imposter Scams occur when the Cash App customer is familiar with the
Impersonation) entity the scammer is posing as (government entity, family member,
celebrity, brand, company, etc…). The terms "imposter", "impersonator",
and "impersonation" can be used interchangeably. Cash App defines the
following types of scams as Imposter: Brand/Business Impersonation,
Cash App Impersonation, Celebrity Impersonation, Charity/Charitable
Giving Impersonation, Family/Friend Impersonation, and Government
Impersonation.
Job Scam These scams prey on the unemployed by promising good jobs and
exploit their need for employment through fake job offers. Scammers will
ask for money via Cash App to help a customer get the job (placement
fee), for supplies to start a business at home, for job listings or for a
certification that is supposed to get a job. However, after a payment(s) is
sent, the scammer disappears, the job never materializes, and the
customer is left out of pocket for the amount sent.
Money Flip Scam Scammers will claim they can "flip" a customer's money and multiply it
as long as the customer first sends a payment to the scammer via Cash
App. These scams are too good to be true and the scammer will accept
the funds but never send anything in return. The scammer may
sometimes claim to know someone at Cash App who can quickly make
the flip happen.
Recipient A Cash App customer that receives a P2P payment from a Sender.
Rental/Housing A scammer duplicates real rental listings, but changes the contact
Scam information and reposts them on several rental sites. Customers are told
to make a deposit or pay fees via Cash App for homes or apartments that
the customer will never actually buy or rent - the scammer doesn't have
the authority to sell or rent the places in the listings.
Romance Scam A scammer adopts a fake online identity and uses the illusion of a
romantic relationship to gain a victim's affection and trust. The scammer
uses this relationship to manipulate and steal from the customer by
having them send money via Cash App. This scam can perpetuate over a
long period of time and customers may send consistent payments for
months or even years before realizing it was all an illusion.
Scam A "Scam" is a dishonest scheme or fraudulent activity designed to
defraud, exploit, or deceive individuals by persuading them to make an
authorized transaction sent via the fiat Peer to Peer product under false
pretenses. Cash App defines Scams in the following categories: Imposter
Scams and Deception Scams.
Scammer A recipient which has been confirmed through the scam investigative
process.
4

Sender A Cash App customer that initiates a P2P payment to a Recipient.
Technical Support A Customer receives an external incoming message (email, text
Scam message, phone call, etc) and is told that something is wrong with their
computer/electronic device and is given a phone number to call for help.
The customer may also receive a pop-up on their computer due to
malware, which instructs them to call a fake technical support number.
The technical support agent pretends to deal with their issue and
convinces the customer to send funds to a Cash App account to resolve
it.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1 Awareness and Education
2.1.1 Employee Training
Cash App maintains a schedule of Annual BSA/AML and OFAC training, which sets the expectation
that all employees are responsible for understanding and doing their part to prevent financial
crimes. It is an annual requirement to complete this training. The specific training courses subject
to this requirement are documented in the Block Inc. Compliance Training Program & Annual Plan.
Additional training may be delivered to employees as emerging Scams are identified.
2.1.2 Customer Education
Cash App acknowledges the risk of Scams associated with the fiat P2P product. For that reason, it
uses several channels to proactively educate its customers to prevent them from becoming victims
of scams. Cash App educates customers on the most common types of Scams on Cash App, how
to avoid becoming the victim of a scam, and how to keep their funds safe. Cash App uses the
customer support section of its website, a customer scams education page, and social media to
educate consumers about scams and how to prevent them. Cash App will regularly update these
materials to ensure they are current and meaningful.
2.2 Scam Prevention
2.2.1 Warnings
Cash App provides customer warnings in an effort to prevent senders of payments from falling
victims to Scams. Cash App utilizes machine learning models to trigger clear and concise scam
warnings when attributes of the payment that the customer is attempting to send reflect a higher
probability the payment could be related to a scam. The warning reminds the customer to only
send payments to individuals they know and trust. The warning also reminds customers that
payments are sent immediately and may not be able to be reversed. This warning informs the
customer that they have the option to cancel the payment prior to sending if they do feel like they
5

may be a victim of a scam. The warning inserts an intentional pause in the payment flow in case
the customer has doubts about the transaction they are able to cancel. Also, these warnings are
triggered by machine learning models and not displayed on every transaction to prevent
unconscious click bias by the customer. This allows for the warnings to remain effective at
preventing scams.
2.2.2 Real-Time Transaction Blocking
In addition to the customer warnings described in this Policy, fiat P2P transactions are reviewed by
machine learning models using data sources such as previous transactions, sender and recipient
identities, device characteristics, and linked instruments, to identify transactions that appear likely
to be associated with a scam. In certain instances, these machine learning models will take an
automated action to block or prevent the completion of the transaction, returning the funds to the
sender. A message will be provided to the sending customer indicating the payment could not be
completed. These machine learning models may also suspend the recipientʼs account in certain
instances where it appears the recipient is likely a scam perpetrator.
2.3 Reporting Scams to Cash App
Cash App encourages its customers to inform Cash App when they believe they have fallen victim
to a scam. When customers report scams ("Scam Reports"), it allows Cash App to help stop
additional victims from falling victim to the same scammer or the latest scams. Scam Reports are
used to update the machine learning models designed to warn customers and prevent the
completion of transactions that are potentially scam related. In addition, this reporting helps Cash
App educate customers on emerging scam trends and take action on confirmed scam
perpetrators.
2.3.1 In-App Reporting
A customer can report a potential scam by using Cash App's in-app flow. To access the in-app
scam reporting flow, a customer may go to the Activity feed, select a transaction, select the three
dots at the upper left hand corner, and tap "Report an Issue." Cash Support can be reached the
same way or by tapping the profile icon and scrolling down to Support.
2.3.2 Phone
Customers can also report a potential scam using Cash App's customer service support which can
be connected at 1 800 9691940.
2.4 Investigations
Cash App will perform a systematic review of all reports of potential scams received by Cash App
through an automated machine learning model. This machine learning model will be designed to
triage the potential scam reports and queue those determined to be the highest probability of
involving actual scams for manual review by one of Cash App's Scam Specialists. In cases where
the machine learning model produces a determination with high confidence, as demonstrated by
validated precision and recall metrics, appropriate mitigating actions may be taken based solely on
the model's output without manual review. The manual review process followed is designed to
6

identify signals within the transaction history and profile information which confirms the customer
is a victim of a scam and appropriate mitigating actions will be completed.
2.4.1 Investigative Process
The manual review is a comprehensive investigation that analyzes the transaction history of the
customer who reported the scam, and the accounts that have received payments from the
customer reporting the potential scam for any unusual activity. The investigation will take into
consideration the current identity verification ("IDV") status of the sender and recipient, the
approximate length of time the account has been active, and if there are signals of the account
being inauthentic. Additional account criteria used to consider if usual or activity in common with
scams may be but not limited to is an evaluation of the linked payment sources and if any
mismatches to names, or geographical regions exist, review of recent transaction history for
mismatches in geographical regions, transactions experiencing friction like blocked payments,
revoked payments, refund requests, scam warnings, and credit card chargebacks. Other activities
which could be indicative of scam behavior may also include:
● Numerous and/or failed IDV attempts
● Account being used for business transactions with an unusual distribution of send and
receive payments
● Indicators of violations of Cash App's Term of Service:
○ Adult Service
○ Gambling
○ Business Loans
○ Hate or harmful products
○ Drugs
○ Escort or Prostitution
● Payments received are immediately transferred to bitcoin
● Payment comments indicating potential scam behavior
Each scam report which is queued for manual review will be investigated thoroughly and in a timely
manner using the above data elements but not limited to only those to determine if the payment
recipients are confirmed perpetrators of scams. Scam reports actioned by the machine learning
model without manual review will be subject to ongoing monitoring and periodic validation to
ensure the model continues to meet established confidence thresholds. Those recipients which are
confirmed scam perpetrators will be denylisted.
2.5 Reimbursement
In an effort to increase customer trust, Cash App is committed to educating, warning, and taking
actions to prevent Cash App consumers from losing money from scams. In alignment with this
commitment, Cash App will reimburse a customer up to a maximum of $250 USD who has fallen
victim to Imposter or Deception Scams excluding Goods and Services scams for fiat peer-to-peer
payments when:
● Cash App's internal investigation determines that the payment was likely associated with
an Imposter or Deception scam; and
7

● Cash App is unable to successfully refund the customer's funds directly from the scammer
account; and
● The customer reports the scam payment to Cash App within 60 days of the payment
appearing on their statement; and
● Cash App failed to warn the customer at or before the time of the payment; and
● Cash App did not block the payment; and
● The Cash App investigation did not identify terms of service violations by the customer;
and
● The Customer has not already received reimbursement for the transaction in question
through other means like chargebacks and/or disputes processing; and
● This is the customer's first confirmed scam payment report
As part of the reimbursement process to the sender, Cash App may attempt to clawback the funds
associated with the transaction which was reported as a scam from the recipient. In the
communication to the customer indicating Cash App's decision to reimburse the customer will also
receive scam educational materials to prevent future revictimization within the Cash App platform
as well as other financial services the customer may utilize.
In the event of an Imposter Scam, Cash App should evaluate the display name used by the
recipient and based on that evaluation, determine if any word(s) should be added to the existing
display name controls.
2.6 Denylisting
Cash App may Denylist the SSN or close accounts that appear likely to be involved in the
perpetration of scam related activities. Cash App will provide notice to the customer that their
account is linked to a Terms of Service violation and has been closed. The customer will generally
still be able to withdraw funds in their account but will not be able to perform any other
transactions (e.g., P2P payments or depositing funds).
Cash App may also Denylist, as appropriate, other unique account assets such as social security
numbers, payment instruments, bank accounts, phone numbers, and/or email addresses that
appear likely to be involved in the perpetration of scam related activities, or identified abuse of the
reimbursement policy by falsely reporting scams to seek unwarranted reimbursements.
Identity Type Adverse Action Description
Authentic - The confirmed SSN Denylist An action taken on an SSN
scammer account was created that marks any customer
with credentials that belong to trying to IDV with it as a bad
the person currently using the actor.
account
Account Denylist An action taken to close the
account found to be engaging
8

Identity Type Adverse Action Description
in fraudulent activity. Only
enabled account functions are
the ability to withdraw assets
from the platform.
Alias Denylist An action taken on an alias
(email or phone number) that
will prevent that alias from
being linked to another
account or used to create an
account
Instrument Denylist An action taken on a linked
instrument (bank account,
debit card, credit card) that
prevents it from being linked
to another account.
Device Denylist An action taken on a device
that prevents it from being
used to sign up for a new
account.
Inauthentic - There are signals Account Denylist An action taken to close the
that suggest the confirmed account found to be engaging
scammer account was created in fraudulent activity. Only
with credentials which do not enabled account functions are
belong to the person currently the ability to withdraw assets
using the account. from the platform.
Alias Denylist An action taken on an alias
(email or phone number) that
will prevent that alias from
being linked to another
account or used to create an
account
Instrument Denylist An action taken on a linked
instrument (bank account,
debit card, credit card) that
9

Identity Type Adverse Action Description
prevents it from being linked
to another account.
Device Denylist An action taken on a device
that prevents it from being
used to sign up for a new
account.
2.7 Suspicious Activity Report ("SAR") Referrals
All Cash App accounts identified as perpetrating scam activity during the course of a Scam
Investigation will be referred to Compliance for review to determine whether a suspicious activity
report should be filed. Scam investigators will refer to Compliance any case of confirmed scam
activity that involves $2000 USD or more of transactional activity by a single perpetrator (whether
acting through one or multiple accounts) calculated by Total Received GPV.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● Compliance Policy Committee (“CPCˮ)
○ Provides oversight and governance of applicable Compliance Policies and is
responsible for reviewing and approving this policy annually to ensure alignment
with regulatory requirements and expectations
○ Provides guidance on significant policy matters
○ Ensures consistency across Blockʼs Compliance Policy Framework
● Head of Consumer Protection
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the organization
○ Establishes appropriate practices designed to ensure that Company operations
reflect the Company's commitment to compliance
○ Ensures all Employees are aware of their compliance responsibilities.
○ Monitors and reports on compliance with this Policy.
○ May delegate responsibilities to relevant Senior Management or Compliance
Employees who inform and escalate key risks and issues to the Head of Consumer
Protection
● Consumer Protection,Fraud Oversight Program Manager
○ Serves as the primary delegate for the Head of Consumer Protection in matters
relating to this Policy
○ Oversees the development and maintenance of compliance procedures
10

○ Coordinates policy review and updates
○ Manages the policy exception process
● Employees
○ Understand and comply with all applicable requirements of this Policy
○ Complete required compliance training in a timely manner
○ Report actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements
○ Follow proper procedures for email communications
○ Maintain awareness of updates and changes to requirements
● Legal Counsel:
○ Provides interpretative advice regarding the applicability and application of policy
requirements
○ Ensures legal compliance across all jurisdictions
○ Provides guidance on complex compliance matters
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
11

recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Block,
Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Cash App Scam Taxonomy
● Scam Payment Report Review Instructions
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad-hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Brian Kollmeyer Consumer Approval July 12, 2024
Protection
Program Lead
Tyler Hand Cash App Head Approval July 12, 2024
of Compliance
Compliance Compliance Scheduled … Annual Review, February 19,
Policy Committee Policy Committee owner change to 2026
Fraud Oversight
Program
Manager, and
12

Approver Title Type Description Date
non-material
changes
Brian Kollmeyer Head of Material Ch… Off-cycle review, March 27, 2026
Consumer Enable ML
Protection models to action
high-confidence
scam
determinations
without human
review
Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Cash App US
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Consumer Protection, Fraud Oversight Program Manager
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
13