Lending Identity Theft Prevention/Red Flags
Standard
Cash App, US Consumer Lending
Last Approved: October 30, 2025
Effective Date: October 30, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Lending Identity Theft Prevention/Red Flags Standard (the
“Standardˮ) describes the principles, practices, and guidelines for the management and oversight
of identity theft compliance risk for Cash Appʼs US Consumer Lending products (“Consumer
Lendingˮ).
This Standard is designed to ensure that elements of an effective Identity Theft Prevention
Program (“Programˮ) are met, and that the Program is appropriate for the size and complexity of
Cash App and the nature and scope of the Consumer Lending activities.
Scope: This Standard applies to all consumer-purpose Credit Products offered by Cash App.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Account A continuing relationship established by a person with a financial institution
or creditor to obtain a product or service for personal, family, household or
business purposes.
Board of In the case of a branch or agency of a foreign bank, the managing official in
Directors charge of the branch or agency; and in the case of any other creditor that
does not have a board of directors, a designated employee at the level of
senior management.
Covered An account that a financial institution or creditor offers or maintains, primarily
Account for personal, family, or household purposes, that involves or is designed to
permit multiple payments or transactions, such as a credit card account,
mortgage loan, automobile loan, general consumer loan, margin account, cell
1

phone account, utility account, checking account, or savings account; and
any other account that the financial institution or creditor offers or maintains
for which there is a reasonably foreseeable risk to customers or to the safety
and soundness of the financial institution or creditor from identity theft,
including financial, operational, compliance, reputation, or litigation risks.
Credit Products Cash App-branded consumer loan products for personal, family, or
household purposes (including, but not limited to, Cash App Borrow, Cash
App Afterpay Pay Over Time, Afterpay on Cash Card, Afterpay Pay-in-4,
Afterpay Pay Monthly).
Customer A person that has a covered account with a financial institution or creditor.
Identity Theft Fraud committed or attempted fraud using one or more pieces of identifying
information of another person without authority. Identifying information
means any name or number that may be used, alone or in conjunction with
any other information, to identify a specific person, including, but not limited
to, any name, social security number, or date of birth.
Red Flag A pattern, practice, or specific activity that indicates the possible existence
of identity theft.
Service Provider The entity or business that provides a service directly to the financial
institution or creditor.
2. Cash App Requirements
2.1. Identity Theft Prevention Program Administration
In order to mitigate Identity Theft, Cash App will establish a Program that 1 receives initial approval
from either the Board of Directors, or an appropriate governing committee; 2 involves a designated
employee in the oversight, development, implementation and administration of the Program; 3
trains employees, as necessary, to effectively implement the Program; and 4 ensures appropriate
and effective oversight of Service Providers. Cash App must also periodically conduct a risk
assessment to determine whether it offers or maintains Covered Accounts that would be subject to
the Programʼs oversight.
An adequate Program ensures that relevant Identity Theft Red Flags are detected, appropriately
responded to, and periodic reviews are conducted such that changing risks and/or market conditions
are appropriately accounted for.
2

2.2. Identification of Red Flags
Where applicable, Cash App has opted to include the five categories noted below that the Federal
Trade Commission (“FTCˮ) has identified as part of its efforts to identify relevant Identity Theft Red
Flags and mitigate Identity Theft of its Consumer Lending Customers:
● Alerts, notifications, or warnings from a Credit Reporting Agency (“CRAˮ), which includes
fraud or credit alerts, credit freezes, address discrepancies, and/or pattern of activity
inconsistent with the history and usual Account activity of the Customer
● Suspicious documents, such as altered or forged documents or identification;
● Suspicious personal identifying information, such as a social security number provided in
an application that matches the social security number of other applicants or Customers;
● Suspicious Account activity; or
● Notices from Customers, victims of Identity Theft, law enforcement authorities, or other
persons regarding possible Identity Theft in connection with Accounts held by Cash App.
2.3. Detection of Red Flags
For the Consumer Lending products, Cash App will address the detection of Red Flags in connection
with the opening of new Accounts and existing Accounts by:
● Obtaining identifying information about, and verifying the identity of, a person opening an
Account; and,
● Authenticating Customers, monitoring transactions, and verifying the validity of change of
address requests, in the case of existing Accounts.
2.4. Mitigation of Identity Theft
Cash App is to provide responses to Red Flags detected that are commensurate with the degree of
risk posed for the Consumer Lending products. In determining an appropriate response, Cash App is
to consider factors that may heighten the risk of Identity Theft, such as a data security incident, or
notice that a Customer has provided verified fraudulent information. Cash App may incorporate, as
appropriate, its existing policies, procedures, and other arrangements that reasonably control
foreseeable risks to Customers or to the safety and soundness of Cash App from Identity Theft.
Appropriate responses may include:
● Monitoring an Account for evidence of Identity Theft;
● Contacting the Customer;
3

● Not allowing a new Account to be opened;
● Changing any passwords, security codes, or other security devices that permit access to a
Covered Account;
● Closing an existing Account;
● Filing a Questionable or Suspicious Activity Report in accordance with applicable law and
regulation; or,
● Determining that no response is warranted under the particular circumstance.
2.5. Alerts, Notifications, or Warnings from a Consumer Reporting Agency
For instances where Cash App uses Consumer Reports to establish its Covered Accounts, it will
consider applicable alerts, notifications, and warnings that may indicate Identity Theft, such as a
fraud alerts or active duty alerts.
2.6. Potentially Suspicious Activity & Documentation
Cash App considers indicators of suspicious documents provided by potential lending Customers.
Indicators of suspicious documentation may include, but are not limited to:
● Potentially altered or forged documents;
● Inconsistent photographs or physical descriptions;
● Inconsistent information related to financial institutions or creditors;
● Suspicious personal identifying information; or,
● Other information that is inconsistent with previously provided information.
Cash App also considers indicators of suspicious activity related to lending Customers. Suspicious
activity may include:
● A new Covered Account being used in a manner commonly associated with known
patterns of fraud; or,
● A Covered Account being used in a manner that is not consistent with established patterns
of activity on the Account. For example:
○ Nonpayment when there is no history of late or missed payments;
○ A material increase in the use of available credit; or
○ A material change in purchasing or spending patterns.
● A Covered Account that has been inactive for a reasonably lengthy period of time being
used; or,
4

● Cash App is notified of unauthorized activity, or transactions in connection with a
Customer's Covered Account.
Cash App intends to maintain compliance with all applicable Red Flag guidelines for its Lending
products, including the alerts identified above, by adopting and maintaining procedures to ensure
compliance. Cash App will:
● Provide a copy of the application and any transaction records available, free of charge,
upon receipt of a written claim of Identity Theft that resulted in fraudulent transactions,
provided Cash App can confirm the victimʼs allegation(s) are true after the Identity Theft
victim:
○ Provides proof of positive identification in the form of a government-issued
identification card; and
○ Provides proof of the Identity Theft claim in the form of an Identity Theft affidavit
and a copy of a police report; and
● Not sell, transfer, or place in collection a debt that has resulted from Identity Theft.
○ In instances where Cash App engages a third-party debt collector in order to
perform collection activities on Consumers who are victims of Identity Theft, in its
own name, on behalf of Cash App, Cash App must ensure that the third-party debt
collector notifies Consumers that the information may be fraudulent or the result of
Identity Theft.
2.7. Account Takeover (“ATOˮ)
Account takeover occurs when an unauthorized person has gained access to the Customerʼs
Account, allowing the unauthorized person to make unauthorized transactions from their own
device. This means that any activity initiated by the unauthorized personʼs device will be reflected on
the Customer's Account and device. An example of unauthorized activity is applying for a loan from
someone else's account with no intention of repaying it. When a Customer alleges ATO, Cash App
will take the necessary steps to 1 correctly identify the ATO victim; 2 identify any unauthorized
transactions; and 3 take the necessary precautions to ensure that the fraudulent activity does not
continue.
5

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Compliance Policy Committee (“CPCˮ):
○ Provides oversight and governance of this Standard and is responsible for
reviewing and approving this Standard annually to ensure alignment with regulatory
requirements and expectations
○ Providing guidance on significant policy matters related to this Standard
● Block Inc, Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ)
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Standard across the
organization
○ Establishes appropriate practices designed to ensure Company operations reflect
Block's commitment to compliance
○ Ensures all Employees are aware of their compliance responsibilities
○ Monitors and reports on compliance with this the requirements detailed in this
Standard
○ May delegate responsibilities to relevant Senior Management or Compliance
Employees who inform and escalate key risks and issues to the CCO
● Head of Consumer Protection
○ Serves as the primary delegate for the CCO in matters relating to this Standard
○ Oversees the development and maintenance of compliance procedures
○ Coordinates annual reviews and updates
○ Manages the process related to any exceptions
● Legal Counsel
○ Provides approval and interpretative advice regarding the applicability and
application of requirements
○ Ensures legal compliance across all jurisdictions
○ Provides guidance on complex compliance matters
● Employees
○ Understand and comply with all applicable requirements of this Standard
○ Complete required compliance training in a timely manner
○ Report actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements
○ Follow proper procedures for email communications
○ Maintain awareness of updates and changes to requirements
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
6

● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement the Standard requirements. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
7

Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Amanda Chr… Regulatory Initial Appro… Attestation to Oct 29, 2025
Counsel Document
Contents
Compliance Compliance Initial Appro… Approval of Oct 30, 2025
Policy Policy Committee up-leveled Block,
Committee Inc. Document to
include coverage
for Block, Inc. and
applicable
brands.
Document Details:
Business Cash App - Consumer Lending products only
Scope US
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Business Product Compliance Lead, Lending & Credit
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
8