Equal Credit Opportunity Act Policy
Square | Square Capital, LLC | Credit Card Product
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Equal Credit Opportunity Act (“ECOAˮ) Policy (“Policyˮ) outlines
Square Capital, LLCʼs (“Square Capitalˮ or the “Companyˮ) approach to compliance with the Equal
Credit Opportunity Act (“ECOAˮ or the “Actˮ) and to upholding requirements that do not run counter
to the Act. The Policy was created and adopted with the sole focus on Square Capitalʼs commercial
credit card program. The Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) oversees the development and
implementation of this Policy and has delegated ownership of this Policy document to the Square
Head of Compliance. Square Capital conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and
regulations. The purpose of this Policy is to outline Square Capitalʼs compliance with ECOA and to
uphold Square Capital business requirements that do not run counter to the Act.
Scope: This Policy is established by Square Capital and is applicable to Square Capitalʼs credit
card product. All Square Capital business units, Staff Members, and contractors, including those
from vendors and third parties (i.e., Square, Inc.) must comply with all aspects of this Policy.
Square Capital recognizes a further duty to support the compliance program of its Bank Partner,
where applicable.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Adverse Action The term means:
● A refusal to grant credit in substantially the amount or on
substantially the same terms as requested in an Application;
● A termination of an account or an unfavorable change in the terms of
an account that does not affect all of substantially all of a class of
Square Capitalʼs accounts; or
● A refusal to increase the amount of credit available to an applicant to
who has made an Application for an increase.

Application Means a request for an extension of credit for the type of credit offered.
There are two types of Applications:
● Complete: An Application is complete once Identity Verification
Service (“IDVˮ) screening is successfully passed and Square Capital
has received all information needed to evaluate an Application, as
defined by Square Capital and rendered a credit review decision.
● Incomplete: An Application is incomplete when Identity Verification
Service (“IDVˮ) screening is successfully passed but Square Capital
has not received all information needed to evaluate an Application, as
defined by Square Capital, and has not rendered a credit decision.
Inquiries and pre-qualification requests related to credit are not Applications.
However, an inquiry or pre-qualification request becomes an Application if
Square Capital evaluates information about a person, determines the person
does not or does not qualify for a credit card or pre-qualification order, and
communicates that decision to that person. This still applies whether the
communication of a decision is intentional or inadvertent. Examples of
responses that can turn an inquiry into an Application:
● “We can approve your Application for at least the minimum offer
amount because you have high GPV and no chargebacks.ˮ
● Your credit score qualifies so go ahead and submit an Application
and we will approve you.ˮ
Creditor The person or entity that is intending to grant a credit extension. In the credit
card program, the Creditor is Celtic Bank and Square Capital is considered
the servicer to this program.
Discrimination Means to treat an applicant less favorably than other applicants.
Against an
Applicant
Prohibited Basis Means race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual identity or sexual
orientation, marital status, or age (provided that the applicant has the
capacity to enter into a binding contract); the fact that all or part of the
applicantʼs income derives from any public assistance program; or the fact
that the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer
Credit Protection Act or any state law upon which an exemption has been
granted by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors.
Staff Member(s) All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and includes interns,
temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers and
contractors.

2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1. Policy Statement
Square Capital manages its lending programs so as to not discriminate nor to discourage applicants
from applying for credit based on any Prohibited Basis or, once origination, for any aspect of a credit
transaction on a Prohibited Basis.
Additionally, Square Capital provides applicants for credit all disclosures and notifications required
under ECOA, its implementing rule, Regulation B, and other applicable fair lending laws.
2.2. Background
ECOA and its implementing rule, Regulation B, make it illegal for Creditors to discriminate, on a
Prohibited Basis, against qualified individuals seeking credit and on any aspect of a credit
transaction,as long as they are found to be creditworthy.
Under ECOA, it is illegal to discriminate against an applicant because of their:
● Race or color;
● Religion;
● National origin;
● Sex;
● Gender identity or sexual orientation;
● Marital status;
● Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
● The applicantʼs receipt of income derived from any public assistance program; or
● The applicantʼs exercise, in good faith, of any right under the Consumer Credit Protection
Act.
ECOA prohibits Creditors from discriminating on a Prohibited Basis in virtually all aspects of a lending
transaction, including:
● Accepting credit Applications;
● Processing and evaluating credit Applications;
● Notifying the applicant of the credit decision;
● Servicing the credit transaction;
● Collection activities;

● Advertising;
● Compensation programs; and
● Complaint handling.
2.3. ECOA Requirements
2.3.1. Prohibitions
ECOA contains two basic and comprehensive prohibitions against discriminatory lending practices:
1. A Creditor shall not discriminate against an applicant on a Prohibited Basis regarding any
aspect of a credit transaction.
2. A Creditor shall not make any oral or written statement, in advertising or otherwise, to
applicants or prospective applicants that would discourage, on a Prohibited Basis, a
reasonable person from making or pursuing an Application.
By making it illegal to discriminate in this manner, ECOA ensures that all customers have an equal
and fair opportunity to obtain credit, as long as they are found to be creditworthy. Under ECOA and
applicable state law, it is illegal to discriminate against an applicant because of their:
● Race or color;
● Religion;
● National origin;
● Sex;
● Marital status;
● Gender identity or sexual orientation;
● Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
● The applicantʼs receipt of income derived from any public assistance program; or
● The applicantʼs exercise, in good faith, of any right under the Consumer Credit Protection
Act.
Square Capital structures its product offerings and controls to ensure that it prevents the following
three types of discrimination:
1. Overt Discrimination:
Intentional discrimination on a Prohibited Basis. An example of overt discrimination is
having a policy not to issue credit to persons based on one of the prohibited bases.

2. Disparate Treatment:
A form of discrimination that may arise when a lender treats an applicant less favorably
than a similarly situated applicant on the basis of a prohibited characteristic, and there is no
credible, non-discriminatory explanation for the difference in treatment. An example of
disparate treatment is providing a different rate, term or duration, information, or level of
service to an applicant because of a prohibited factor, such as the race or gender of the
borrower.
3. Disparate Impact:
A neutral policy or practice is implemented uniformly, but the policy or practice
disproportionately affects a protected class, and there is no credible, non-discriminatory
business justification for the policy. An example of disparate impact is a prohibition on
issuing credit to a particular type of business may result in a disparate impact if the
prohibition leads to the exclusion of credit to businesses owned predominantly by
members of protected classes.
2.3.2. Accepting Credit Applications
The credit Application process is neutral in nature and of a type applicable to every applicant
desiring the same kind and amount of credit. Square Capital employees, contractors, or third parties
involved in the lending transaction may not consider any Prohibited Basis as a factor in taking or
processing Applications for credit, except to the extent allowed by federal and state law.
All disclosures required to be given under ECOA are to be made in a clear and conspicuous manner.
2.3.3. Processing and Evaluating Credit Applicants
Square Capital Data Science (“Data Scienceˮ) creates and maintains the heuristic model that
underwrites customer applicants to determine whether they are eligible for a credit card. Square
performs periodic fair lending analysis on its underwriting models and processes to identify and
mitigate potential disparate impact, with results reviewed by Compliance and Legal
Square Capital may elect to utilize an automated onboarding review process based on the above
heuristics or conduct review manually for all Applications. Regardless, once that review is completed
one of the following then occurs:
● The automated heuristic model or the Capital Team approves the submitted Application and
notifies the customer of the approval in writing; or

● The automated heuristic model of the Capital Team does not initially approve the
Application then the following occurs:
○ The Application is not approved and the customer is notified in writing of the
declined Application.
Note that manual reviews are not conducted today. The Capital Team plans to implement a manual
review process before a general audience release. Once released, the Capital Team would review
Applications and one of the following would occur:
● The Application is approved and the customer is notified in writing of the approval
Application;
● The Application is determined to be incomplete. The Capital Team then contacts the
customer in writing to request the additional information; or
● The Application is not approved and the customer is notified in writing of the declined
Application.
Additional Application Review
Square Capital does not ask questions through its Application or evaluation process related to race,
color, religion, national origin, or sex of an applicant. Square Capital adheres to the following
additional rules when evaluating an applicantʼs creditworthiness:
● Square Capital permits applicants to file an Application using their birth-given surname,
their spouseʼs surname, or a combined surname; and
● Square Capital does not require a spouseʼs signature on any document.
2.3.4. Notifying the Applicant of the Credit Decision
Square Capital provides a written notice to the customer, thirty 30 calendar days (hereafter “daysˮ)
after receiving a completed Application, regarding the appropriate outcome of the review of a
submitted Application:
● A notice of the approved Application;
● A notice of incomplete Application;
● A notice of a counteroffer; or
● A notice of the declined Application.
Withdrawn Application
No written notice is required if the applicant expressly withdraws an Application.

2.3.5. Notice for Approved Applications
Square Capital provides notice of approval to all applicants within thirty 30 days after receiving a
completed Application concerning the Creditor's approval of, counteroffer to, or Adverse Action on
the Application.
2.3.6. Notifying the Applicant of the Credit Decision
While Square Capital does not currently send a notice requesting additional information when an
Application is determined to not include enough relevant information to render a credit decision,
such a notice will be implemented prior to a general audience release. This notice must state that:
● That the Application is incomplete;
● That additional information and/or documentation is needed to complete the Application
● A specific description of all the additional information/documentation that is needed to
complete the Application;
● A reasonable date or time frame by which the customer must respond with all the
requested additional information/documentation;
● That the Application is denied and no further communication will be forthcoming if all the
all the requested additional information/documentation is not received;
OR
● If no such statement is contained, then the Capital Team is required to send the appropriate
Adverse Action Notice no later than thirty 30 days from the date of receipt of the original
incomplete Application.
There are two potential outcomes regarding the notice of incomplete Application:
● The customer responds with all requested additional information in which case the Capital
Team:
○ Renders a decision to approve or decline the Application and sends the appropriate
notification within thirty 30 days of receipt of all the information; or
○ Determines more information is needed from the customer. The procedure outlined
in this subsection "Notice for Incomplete Application" must then be followed.
● The customer does not respond in which case the Capital Team declines the Application
and the Capital Team does one of the following:
○ Sends the appropriate Adverse Action notice within thirty 30 days of receipt of
the original incomplete Application; or

○ Closes the Application with no further action. This option is only available if the
request for additional information advises the customer that the Application will be
closed if the request is not completely fulfilled by the stated date or time frame.
Unwarranted Request for Additional Information/Documentation
Requests for additional information/documentation should both:
● Request all additional information/documentation at once; and
● Be warranted to complete the Application review process.
Requests that are deemed to be not required to complete an Application, meaning that the initial
Application is considered complete, cannot be used to extend the initial thirty 30 day response
timeframe mandated by ECOA.
2.3.7. Notice of Counter Offer
In the event the program will provide for counter offers, Square Capital will send written notice of
counter offer any time it is unable to offer the terms the applicant requested but when other terms
are available. The initial written notice must be sent within thirty 30 days of the receipt of a
completed Application and must include the following statements:
● That Adverse Action has been taken on the original Application and the nature of that
action, and
● No more than four specific reason(s) for the Adverse Action.
OR
● Advising that the applicant has sixty 60 days from the date of the notification to request a
statement from Square Capital giving the specific reasons for the Adverse Action. Square
Capital will respond within thirty 30 days of receiving the request for information.
● That a separate less favorable offer is being made to the customer.
● That if the customer uses the credit extension then the new terms are deemed to have
been accepted.
Before the customer submits an acceptance of the counteroffer, a disclosure must be provided in a
reasonable form and placement advising that acceptance of the counteroffer will trigger a credit
review of all submitted information.

2.3.8. Notice of Declined Application
Square Capital sends a notice of Adverse Action for a declined Application any time it is unable to
offer the credit the applicant requested. The written notice must be sent within thirty 30 days of the
receipt of a complete or incomplete Application, whichever is applicable to the situation, and must
include the following statements:
● That Adverse Action has been taken on the original Application and the nature of that
action, and
● No more than four specific reason(s) for the Adverse Action
OR
● Advising that Square Capital must receive within sixty 60 days from the date of the
Adverse Action Notice a request for the reasons the decision was made. Square Capital
must respond with these details within thirty 30 days of receiving the request.
2.4. Servicing the Credit Transaction
2.4.1. Collections
Loss mitigation and collections activities executed by Square Capital, or through any third-party
collection agency acting on Square Capitalʼs behalf, are executed in compliance with this Policy. Loss
mitigation and collections activities are executed in a consistent manner and the business units
adopt procedures which limit discretion in the handling of any workout arrangement or collection
effort. Square Capital does not provide varying levels of service or apply varying collections efforts
on a Prohibited Basis.
2.4.2. Advertising
Square Capital does not make any oral or written statement, in advertising or otherwise, to applicants
or prospective applicants that would discourage, on a Prohibited Basis, a reasonable person from
making or pursuing an Application.
“Advertisingˮ Defined as an External-Bound Communications
This section applies to any and all external-bound communications, by any individual bound by this
Policy to a third party (and not just publicly released “Advertisingˮ), at any point during the lending
transaction.

2.4.3. Compensation Programs
Compensation programs for any Square Capital employee related to the referral, sale, origination, or
servicing of credit products must be designed to promote sound business practices consistent with
applicable fair and responsible laws, and this Policy.
2.4.4. Complaint Handling
All complaints are handled according to the Global Complaints Program Standard.
2.5. Exclusions
The below chart represents a list of Policy exclusions intended to address additional activities that
are not undertaken currently but which are permissible under ECOA
Lending
Transaction Stage Requirement Applicability
(if applicable)
Processing and Information about a Square Capital does not inquire on an applicantʼs
evaluating lending Spouse or Former marital status nor request information about an
Applications Spouse, Inquiries applicantʼs spouse or former spouse. Square Capital
Concerning Marital does not support joint accounts.
Status
Processing and Source of Income, Square Capital does not inquire if an applicant is
evaluating lending Alimony, Child receiving alimony, child support, or separate
Applications Support, or Separate maintenance payments. Furthermore, Square Capital
Maintenance Income does not ask about an applicantʼs source of income.
Repayments towards card balances are made through
debits against a borrowerʼs linked bank account and
through a fixed percentage of daily sales.
Processing and Country of Origin, ECOA permits a Creditor to inquire about the
evaluating lending Permanent applicantʼs permanent residence and immigration
Applications Residency, and status in the United States in determining
Immigration Status creditworthiness. However, Square Capital does not
currently inquire about the applicantʼs country of origin,

permanent residence, or immigration status in the
United States.
Processing and Credit History ECOA allows Square Capital to consider an applicantʼs
evaluating lending credit history in evaluating creditworthiness. However,
Applications Square Capital does not currently collect, inquire, or
consider an applicantʼs credit history.
Notifying the Third-Party Creditors ECOA specifies that when more than one Creditor is
applicant of the involved in a transaction and Adverse Action is taken
lending decision with respect to the Application for credit by all the
Creditors involved, each Creditor that took such action
must provide a notice of action taken. Square Capital
does not currently have more than one Creditor
involved in a transaction.
Notifying the Providing Appraisals Square Capital does not allow applicants to secure
applicant of the and Other their credit by a first lien on a dwelling. Therefore,
lending decision Valuations there are no appraisals or other written valuations to
provide applicants.
N/A Reporting to ECOA outlines specific requirements for a Creditor
Customer Reporting that furnishes credit information to a customer
Agency reporting agency. Square Capital does not currently
furnish credit information to a customer reporting
agency.
N/A Special Purpose Although ECOA permits Creditors to establish
Credit Programs special-purpose credit programs, Square Capital
currently does not have any special-purpose credit
programs.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ The CCO will provide assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the
organization and shall be responsible for establishing appropriate practices
designed to ensure that Company operations reflect the Companyʼs commitment to
compliance and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.

○ The CCO is responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy.
The CCO delegates the responsibilities in this section to the Square Head of
Compliance along with the authority to adopt, develop and implement procedures
and reporting that support this Policy.
● Counsel:
○ The Companyʼs legal Counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding
the applicability and application of the requirements of this Policy to the Companyʼs
business and operational activities.
Subsidiary Roles:
● Square Capital Data Science:
○ This team creates and maintains the heuristic model that underwrites customer
applicants to determine whether they are eligible for a credit card.
● Square Capital:
○ Utilizes an automated onboarding review process based on Data Scienceʼs
heuristics. Provides a written notice to the customer, thirty days after receiving a
completed Application, regarding the appropriate outcome of the review of a
submitted Application.
● Square Capital Board of Managers (“SCBMˮ):
○ Reviews and adopts this Policy annually.
● Square Head of Compliance, or Square Consumer Protection Program Lead as designee:
○ Owns this Policy document, reviews and approves exception requests.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy,
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive
management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:

● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Policy Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Square
Capital, LLC and on a need-to-know basis.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Global Complaints Program Standard
● Equal Credit Opportunity Act
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Square Capital Square Capital Creation Creation July 2, 2024
Board of Board of
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Scheduled January 24, 2025
Board of Board of review; immaterial
Managers Managers changes

Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Scheduled October 3, 2025
Policy Policy Committee review; immaterial
Committee changes
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Lending Product Compliance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2