Electronic Signatures in
Global and National
Commerce Act Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 4
3. Purpose 4
4. Scope 5
5. Policy Requirements 5
5.1 Policy Statement 5
5.2 Afterpay’s Policy Requirements 5
6. Roles and Responsibilities 7
7. Document Management 8
7.1 Document Owner 8
7.2 Review and Approval 8
8. Training 9
9. Monitoring and Reporting 9
10. Exceptions 9
11. Record Retention 9
12. Related Documentation or References 10
13. Revision and Approval History 10
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 10
13.2 Approval History 10
14. Document Details 10
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Consumer An individual who obtains, through a transaction, products, or services
that are used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, and
also means the legal representative of such an individual.
Electronic Relating to technology having electrical, digital, magnetic, wireless,
optical, electromagnetic, or similar capabilities.
Record Information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or that is stored in an
electronic or other medium and is retrievable in perceivable form.
Transaction An action or set of actions relating to the conduct of business, consumer,
or commercial affairs between two or more persons.
2. Introduction
This Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines the
Afterpay US, Inc.’s (“Afterpay”) commitment to comply with the Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act (“E-Sign”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their designee is
responsible for the management of this Policy.
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate the commitment of Afterpay to complying with all
applicable provisions of E-Sign.
E-Sign was enacted in 2000 to facilitate the use of Electronic Records and Electronic signatures by
ensuring the validity and legal effect of contracts entered, disclosures provided, and agreements
otherwise executed electronically. E-Sign is an “overlay” law because it does not amend any laws
specifically, but provides that a signature, contract, or other Record relating to a Transaction may not
be denied validity solely because it is in Electronic form.
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
E-Sign has four major requirements for an Electronic signature to be recognized as valid under US
law. Those requirements are: (1) intent to sign, (2) receipt of disclosure and affirmative and ongoing
consent in a manner that reasonably demonstrates the counterparty can access information in the
Electronic form used by the parties, (3) association of the signature with the counterparty’s Record,
and (4) Record retention. By conforming with these laws, Afterpay is permitted to provide entities
with information and certain notices electronically.
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay . This Policy is applicable to Afterpay’s Employees and sets out
the approach to E-Sign compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay and
relevant personnel are aware of and comply with expectations regarding E-Sign.
5. Policy Requirements
5.1 Policy Statement
Afterpay is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of E-Sign.
Wherever state or local regulations overlap and are stricter than the requirements set out in this
Policy, the more conservative approach will be applied in those jurisdictions. If any applicable laws
conflict with this Policy, Afterpay will consult with appropriate Legal Counsel to resolve the conflict
and adjust Afterpay’s policies and procedures to ensure compliance.
The standards set out in this Policy represent minimum requirements based on applicable legal and
regulatory guidance and apply throughout Afterpay’s operations. These requirements are intended
to prevent Afterpay’s Employees from violating federal and state regulations related to Consumer
compliance with respect to applicable laws, regulations, and practices.
5.2 Afterpay’s Policy Requirements
● Consumer Notification.. Prior to obtaining the Consumer’s consent to Electronic disclosures,
Afterpay will clearly and conspicuously inform the Consumer of the following:
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ An explanation of whether the consent applies to only a particular Transaction that
triggered the disclosure or to specific categories of Records that may be provided
electronically or made available as part of the customer relationship (such as disclosures,
consents, policies, change-in-terms, adverse action notices, etc.)
○ Any right or option to receive disclosures in paper form, the procedure, if any, for
requesting a paper copy, and whether any fee will be charged to obtain a paper copy.
○ A statement of the right to withdraw consent to receive Records electronically after giving
initial consent, the procedure to withdraw such consent, and the consequences of doing
so. The procedures the Consumer must follow to inform Afterpay of the Consumer’s
updated Electronic contact information.
○ The minimum hardware/software requirements needed to access and retain Electronic
Records.
● Consumer Consent. Afterpay requires that the Consumer consent to the receipt of Electronic
Records. The Consumer must provide consent prior to Afterpay delivering any Electronic
disclosures. The consent must include the following:
○ The Consumer must affirmatively consent to receive Electronic disclosures.
○ The Consumer must consent in a manner that reasonably demonstrates the ability of the
Consumer to access information in the form that will be used to provide the disclosures.
○ One cannot proceed in the application process without consenting to receive information
and documents electronically. Agreeing to receive Electronic Records, notices, and
disclosures by affirmatively agreeing to Afterpay's terms of services or other web-based
agreements, which includes Consumer acknowledgement of one's ability to receive and
download documents electronically is deemed by Afterpay as sufficient confirmation of
consent.
● Withdrawn Consent. A Consumer may withdraw their consent to receive Electronic Records
and communications from Afterpay, using any method set forth in the disclosures provided to
the Consumer pursuant to E-Sign, or such other methods Afterpay may support from time to
time. At Afterpay’s option, it may treat a Consumer’s provision of an invalid e-mail address or
phone number, or subsequent malfunction of a previously valid e-mail address or phone
number, as a withdrawal of a Consumer’s consent to receive Electronic communications at the
inoperative e-mail address or phone number.
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Afterpay will not impose a fee to process the withdrawal of a Consumer’s consent to receive
Electronic communications. Any withdrawal of a Consumer’s consent to receive Electronic
communications will be effective only after Afterpay has had a reasonable period of time in which to
process the customer’s withdrawal request.
If a Consumer does not provide valid consent to receive Electronic communications from Aftepray, or
upon the effective date of a Consumer’s withdrawal of such consent, Afterpay will provide any
applicable communication to the Consumer in writing, and the Consumer will no longer receive
Electronic communications from Afterpay. The Consumer will continue to have the option to
Electronically download documents, communications, and records from Afterpayy’s website, in
addition to receiving communications from Afterpay via USPS. The Consumer’s withdrawal of their
consent to receive Electronic communications does not prohibit a Consumer from providing their
consent to Electronic communications again in the future.
● New Technology. If hardware and/or software requirements to receive Electronic disclosures
change, Afterpay will provide notice to customers describing the new hardware and/or software
requirements. The notice will also contain a statement that the Consumer has the right to revoke
their consent to Electronic disclosures without incurring any fees or being subject to any new
conditions not previously disclosed to the Consumer.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all
Employees commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All Employees engaged in the activity
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
or performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training
upon hire and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in Block’s Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.’s document retention
guidelines.
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related Program Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program
Related References:
Regulation Name Electronic Signatures in Global and National
Commerce Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Counsel
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Electronic Signatures in National Commerce Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11