Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
(GLBA) Privacy Policy
Cash App | U.S.
June 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 7
4. Policy Requirements 7
4.1 Privacy Notice - Timing and Delivery Method 7
4.2 Required Privacy Notice Information 9
4.3 How Cash App Collects Nonpublic Personal Information 9
4.4 Nonpublic Personal Information Cash App is Allowed to Share 9
4.5 Opt-Out Method 11
4.6 Other Information Use and Sharing Restrictions 11
4.7 Confidentiality and Security 12
4.8 Maintaining Customer Privacy in Third Party Relationships 13
5. Document Management 13
5.1 Document Owner 13
5.2 Review and Approval 13
6. Training 13
7. Monitoring and Reporting 13
8. Exceptions 13
9. Record Retention 14
10. Related Documentation or References 14
11. Revision and Approval History 14
12. Document Details 15
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Affiliate Any company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
another company.
Clear and A notice is reasonably understandable and designed to call attention to the
Conspicuous nature and significance of the information in the notice.
Collect or Collection To obtain information that can be organized to retrieve information by the
name of an individual or by an identifying number, symbol, or other identifying
information assigned to the individual, irrespective of the source of the
underlying information.
Continuing A legal agreement between a Consumer and Cash App in which Cash App
Relationship provides one or more financial products or services to that Consumer.
Consumer A natural person who applies for or who obtains from Cash App a financial
product or service intended to be used primarily for personal, family, or
household purposes.
Customer A Consumer who has a Continuing Relationship with Cash App.
Customer Any record containing NPI about a Customer, whether in paper, electronic, or
information other form, that is handled or maintained by or on behalf of Cash App.
Notification Event Acquisition of unencrypted Customer information without the authorization of
the individual to which the information pertains. Customer information is
considered unencrypted for this purpose if the encryption key was accessed
by an unauthorized person. Unauthorized acquisition will be presumed to
include unauthorized access to unencrypted Customer information unless
there is reliable evidence showing that there has not been, or could not
reasonably have been, unauthorized acquisition of such information.
Non-affiliated Third Any person or entity that is not an Affiliate of, or related by common ownership
Party or affiliated by corporate control with, Block, but does not include a joint
employee of such institution.
Nonpublic Personal NPI Includes:
Information (“NPI”) ● PII resulting from a transaction with the Customer or any service
performed for the Customer or otherwise obtained by Cash App; and
● Any list, description, or other grouping of Customers (and Publicly
Available Information pertaining to them) derived using any Personally
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Identifiable Information that is not Publicly Available.
NPI does not include any list of individuals’ names and addresses that:
● Contains only Publicly Available Information;
● Is not derived in whole or in part using Personally Identifiable
Information that is not Publicly Available; and
● Is not disclosed in a manner indicating any of the individuals on the list
are (or have been) a Customer of Cash App
Personally Includes any information:
Identifiable ● Provided to Cash App by a Consumer to obtain a financial product or
Information (“PII”) service from Cash App;
● About a Consumer resulting from any transaction involving a financial
product or service between Cash App and a Customer; or
● That Cash App otherwise obtains about a Consumer in connection with
providing a financial product or service to that Consumer.
Excludes any information:
● That does not identify a Consumer, such as aggregate information or
blind data that does not contain personal identifiers such as account
numbers, names, or addresses.
Privacy Notice Cash App’s publicly viewable statement required by the Privacy Rule detailing
categories of information that are or are not shared with Affiliates and
Non-affiliated Third Parties and all disclosures that relate to any sharing.
Publicly Available Includes any information Cash App has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully
Information made available to the general public from:
● Federal, state, or local government records;
● Widely distributed media; or
● Disclosures to the general public that are required to be made by
Federal, state, or local law.
Note that Cash App may not assume that a Customer’s information is Publicly
Available Information. Instead, it must be determined if the information is of
the type available to the general public or whether a Customer intended for
the information to be publicly available (e.g., an unlisted telephone number).
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Chief Privacy Officer The CPO:
(“CPO”) ● Is the owner of this Policy;
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Ensures this Policy adequately addresses and implements applicable
laws, regulations, guidance, monitoring, auditing, and Cash App
practices;
● Reviews and approves this Policy no less than annually and reports
significant policy changes to Cash App management;
● Provides timely communication to relevant Block Staff or Personnel of
an implemented Policy change; and
● May delegate the oversight and implementations of this Policy, as
needed.
Cash App Privacy Cash App Privacy Counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and
Counsel counsel regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this
Policy.
Compliance Provides oversight and guidance to Business Lines in implementing the
requirements of this Policy.
Block Information InfoSec manages Block’s Information Security Policy
Security (“InfoSec”)
Staff Members Staff Members are required to cooperate and work with a Policy Owner to
facilitate compliance with this Policy, including all confidentiality requirements
included herein.
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines Cash App’s approach to complying with
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”) as implemented by Regulation P (collectively the “Privacy Rule”). The Chief
Privacy Officer (“CPO”) is responsible for management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this
Policy is to further Cash App’s commitment to privacy by protecting its Customers’ NPI in accordance with
GLBA.
3. Scope
This Policy is established for Cash App (“Cash App”), U.S. a Line of Business under Block, Inc., and is
applicable to the Cash App business and related products and services.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Privacy Notice - Timing and Delivery Method
● Initial Notice
○ An initial Privacy Notice must be provided to:
■ A Consumer at the time they apply for a product or service, and
■ A Consumer before Cash App discloses any NPI about the Consumer to any
Non-affiliated Third Party.
○ Cash App is not required to provide Initial Notice to the Consumer if Cash App does
not disclose any NPI about the Consumer to any Non-affiliated Third Party, other than
as authorized by permissible disclosures in accordance with the Privacy Rule.
○ When an existing Customer obtains another financial product or service from Cash
App, Cash App can satisfy the initial notice requirements by either:
■ Providing a revised Privacy Notice that covers the Customer's new financial
product or service; or
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ If the initial, revised, or annual Privacy Notice that Cash App most recently
provided to that Customer was accurate with respect to the new financial
product or service, Cash App does not need to provide a new Privacy Notice.
● Annual Notice
○ Customers are provided with the Privacy Notice annually.
■ An annual Privacy Notice is to be delivered no less than annually during the
continuation of the Customer relationship.
○ Cash App is not required to deliver an annual Privacy Notice if it:
■ Only provides NPI to Non-affiliated Third Parties as described in Section 4.4
below, and
■ Cash App has not changed the Privacy Notice or its practices with regard to
sharing NPI with Non-affiliated Third Parties since its most-recently disclosed
Privacy Notice.
● Revised Privacy Notice
○ If changes are made to the Privacy Notice that necessitate delivery of the revised
notice as described below, Cash App must provide Customers with notice indicating
how their information is used at least 30 days prior to the change.
○ Cash App is required to provide a revised notice to its Customers before it discloses:
■ A new category of NPI to any Non-affiliated Third Party;
■ NPI to a new category of Non-affiliated Third Party; or
■ NPI about a former Customer to a Non-Affiliated Third Party, if that former
Customer has not had the opportunity to exercise an opt out right regarding
that disclosure.
○ A revised notice is not required if Cash App discloses NPI to a new Non-affiliated
Third Party that is adequately described in the prior notice.
● Method of Delivery
○ A link to Cash App’s Privacy Notice is electronically provided to Customers during
account creation, and Customers acknowledge receipt of the notice delivery prior to
completing account creation.
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2 Required Privacy Notice Information
A Privacy Notice is required to be provided by Cash App to accurately inform its Customers in a Clear and
Conspicuous manner about how Cash App collects, uses, and shares their NPI. The Privacy Notice
outlines Cash App’s practices regarding the handling of Consumer information, and includes:
● Information about Cash App’s privacy policies and practices for protecting the confidentiality
and security of NPI;
● The categories of NPI that Cash App Collects;
● The categories of NPI that Cash App discloses to Affiliates and Non-affiliated Third Parties
(including whether Cash App discloses information about former Customers);
● The categories of Affiliates and Non-affiliated Third Parties that Cash App discloses
information to (including entities to which Cash App discloses information about former
Customers); and
● A requirement of Cash App to provide an opt-out method for Customers to prevent disclosure
of that information to Non-affiliated Third Parties, unless an exception applies.
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”) has additional requirements that may apply when the use of a
consumer credit report occurs, regardless of whether an account relationship is established or exists and
with no consideration for the nature of the account.
4.3 How Cash App Collects Nonpublic Personal Information
NPI is collected in various ways, such as account applications, Affiliate information sharing, public
records, and information from a consumer credit report. The requirements of this Policy apply regardless
of how information is collected or obtained.
4.4 Nonpublic Personal Information Cash App is Allowed to Share
● Affiliates
○ Cash App is permitted to share NPI with its Affiliate(s) as provided in the Privacy
Notice.
○ It is Cash App’s policy that it will share NPI with its Affiliate(s) only to the extent
necessary, and subject to applicable laws including, where relevant, the opt-out
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
provisions for Affiliate marketing and consumer credit report information established
by FCRA.
○ Affiliates are prohibited from storing or using such information for any other purpose
without express prior consent from Cash App.
● Non-affiliated Third Parties
○ Cash App may share information with Non-affiliated Third Parties without meeting
the “opt-out” condition (see Section 4.5 below), under any of the following conditions:
■ To market Cash App’s own financial products or services;
■ Where third parties are performing services or functions on behalf of Cash
App, including marketing Cash App’s own products or services or products
and services offered pursuant to a joint agreement between Cash App and
another financial institution, provided that Cash App:
● Discloses that arrangement to the extent required by law; and
● Enters into an agreement with the third party to maintain the
confidentiality of the information.
■ The Customer consents;
■ It is necessary to effect, administer, or enforce a transaction requested or
authorized by the Customer;
■ To process and service transactions the Customer requests or authorizes;
■ To protect against potential fraud or unauthorized transactions;
■ To protect the confidentiality or security of Cash App’s records;
■ For risk control purposes or for resolving Customer disputes;
■ To persons holding a legal or beneficial interest relating to the Customer;
■ To persons acting in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Customer;
■ To law enforcement agencies if permitted or required under other provisions
of law;
■ To respond to judicial process, attorneys, accountants, and auditors;
■ To respond to governmental authorities for examination, compliance, or other
lawful purposes;
■ To a consumer reporting agency in accordance with the FCRA; or
■ To comply with federal state or local laws.
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.5 Opt-Out Method
If Cash App plans to share NPI with Non-affiliated Third Parties in any other capacity than as defined
above, Cash App will provide a method for the Customer to communicate their NPI-sharing opt-out
choice at any time, and will honor the request as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt. Cash
App contractually requires all Non-affiliated Third Parties that provide services on its behalf to use NPI
only for the purposes for which the NPI was disclosed.
If Cash App shares NPI with its Affiliates, Cash App will provide opt-outs as required by FCRA when
necessary.
Cash App will not disclose NPI other than as described in the Privacy Notice unless Cash App provides a
Clear and Conspicuous revised Privacy Notice that accurately describes its privacy practices along with
an appropriate opt-out, as applicable. In such circumstances, Cash App will post the Privacy Notice on its
website and notify all applicable Customers alerting them of the location of the Notice. Cash App will not
engage in such NPI sharing until after it provides at least 30 days for the Customer to opt out.
4.6 Other Information Use and Sharing Restrictions
NPI may not be disclosed to any Non-affiliated Third Party except as provided in the Privacy Notice. For
the purpose of marketing non-Cash App products, NPI may not be disclosed to any Non-affiliated Third
Party without complying with applicable law, including any requirements for Customer consent
(including opt-out choice, where required). Cash App does not share account numbers or similar forms of
access numbers or access codes for a Customer’s account with Non-affiliated Third Parties for the
purposes of marketing.
PII or other types of information obtained from companies for which Cash App is a service provider may
not be used beyond the purpose of the contract.
Business units are responsible for ensuring information passed to Non-affiliated Third Parties (e.g.,
service providers, marketing companies) is limited to information needed to fulfill the service provided by
the third party.
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.7 Confidentiality and Security
Block is committed to the security of Customer financial and personal information. Block maintains an
Information Security Policy (“Infosec Policy”) designed to implement administrative, technical, and
physical safeguards that are appropriate to Block’s size and complexity, the nature and scope of Block’s
activities, and the sensitivity of any PII at issue.
● Cash App Operational and Data Processing Systems
Cash App’s operational and data processing systems are in a secure environment that
protects Customer information from being accessed by third parties. Access to Customer
information must be in accordance with the Infosec Policy. Employees’ access to Customer
information is limited to those with a business reason to know such information. Employees
are educated on the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of Customer information
and on these privacy principles. Because of the importance of these issues, Block Staff
Members are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Customer information, and
Staff Members who violate these privacy policies will be subject to disciplinary measures,
including, but not limited to termination.
● Cyber Security Risk Management Program
Block maintains a Cybersecurity Risk Management Program designed to ensure that core
business services and supporting business processes continue to operate with high levels of
availability, security, trust and assurance, which, among others, requires annual risk
assessment and risk treatment.
● Incident Response Plan and IR Runbook
Block maintains an Incident Response Plan and Security Incident Response Runbook (“IR
Runbook”) designed to promptly respond to, and recover from, any security event materially
affecting the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of Customer information in its control.
In accordance with the IR Runbook, Cash App Privacy Counsel is alerted of any security incidents
relating to Cash App, and will escalate to the CPO upon discovery of a Notification Event. Block will
comply with any notification obligations under applicable laws for any security incident, including
notifying the Federal Trade Commission as soon as possible, and no later than 30 days after discovery, of
a Notification Event involving the information of at least 500 Consumers.
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.8 Maintaining Customer Privacy in Third Party Relationships
Block maintains a Third Party Risk Management Program (“TPRM Program”) to protect the interests of its
Customers, shareholders and other stakeholders, and fulfill its legal and regulatory obligations. The
TPRM Program requires Cash App’s vendors and suppliers to maintain similar standards of conduct
regarding the privacy of Customer information provided to them.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the CPO or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are
outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to evaluate
adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy,
provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and regulations. Policy
exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description
of the controls that Block will implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved
exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed,
of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Policy Information Security Policy
Related Program Cybersecurity Risk Management Program
Other Security Incident Response Runbook
Other Block Privacy Principles Guidance
Related References:
Regulation Name Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 15 U.S.C. §§ 6801 - 6809
Regulation Name Regulation P 12 CFR § 1016
Regulation Name Standards for Safeguarding Customer
Information (Safeguards Rule) 16 CFR § 314
Regulation Name Fair Credit Reporting Act 15 U.S.C. § 1681
11. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Lee Buchmann Cash Consumer Reviewed/Approv… November 22, 2024
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Protection Compliance
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Tait Svenson Chief Privacy Initial Approval Initial Approval Nov 22, 2024
Officer
Compliance Policy Compliance Initial Approval Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Policy Committee
Brian Kollmeyer Consumer Material Cha… Adding an Jun 5, 2025
Protection additional
Compliance exception to the
Program Lead opt-out
requirement
consistent with 12
CFR 1016.15(a)(6)
for disclosure of
NPI in connection
with
sales/mergers
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional (United States)
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Chief Privacy Officer
Last Approval Date June 5, 2025
Effective Date June 5, 2025
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually
GLBA Privacy Policy | Cash App | U.S.
15