Credit Card Privacy Policy
Square | Square Capital, LLC | Credit Card
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Credit Card Privacy Policy (“Policyˮ) outlines Square Capital, LLCʼs
(“Square Capitalˮ or the “Companyʼ) approach to compliance with the Right to Financial Privacy
Act (“RFPAˮ) and Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBAˮ). This Policy was created and adopted with the
sole focus on Square Capitalʼs commercial credit card program and is complementary to Blockʼs
wider Privacy program and Privacy Principles. The Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) oversees the
development and implementation of this Policy and has delegated ownership of this Policy
document to the Square Head of Compliance. Square Capital conducts business in compliance
with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this Policy is to further Square Capitalʼs
compliance with RFPA and GLBA. Square Capital is committed to fully complying with RFPA and
GLBA and to upholding Square Capital business requirements that do not run counter to the Act.
Scope: This Policy is established by Square Capital and is applicable to Square Capitalʼs credit
card product. It applies to all activities that involve non-affiliated third parties and the disclosure of
nonpublic personal information NPI of customers for Square Capital's credit card product.
Square Capital engages with non-affiliated third parties for the carrying out of financial
transactions and for marketing of financial products. Such vendors may include, but are not limited
to, vendors that verify customer identification information. The use of NPI for these reasons does
not require that Square Capital obtain explicit prior consent from the customer. As of the enacting
of this Policy, Square Capital may engage with any non-affiliated third party so that the
non-affiliate can market Square Capital products, subject to Squareʼs standard privacy due
diligence practices of third parties.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Customer An individual who has a continuing relationship with Square Capital under
which Square Capital provides one or more financial products or

services. For example, because Square Capital services the loans, an
applicant that receives a loan from Square Capital becomes a customer.
Personal Data Information related to an identifiable person or household. Data is
considered personal data if it can be used to identify a person, directly or
indirectly.
Nonpublic Personal The nonpublic portion of personal data, including any customer lists.
Information (“NPIˮ) Nonpublic personal information consists of nonpublic information that is
collected in connection with providing a financial product or service.
Specifically, it means:
● Personally identifiable financial information, which includes:
○ Information a customer provides on an application for a
loan or other financial product or service;
○ Account balance information, payment history, overdraft
history and credit or debit card purchase information;
○ Information that a customer provides to Square Capital (or
an agent thereof) that Square Capital obtains in
connection with collecting on a loan or servicing a loan,
as the case may be;
○ Any information collected through an Internet “cookieˮ;
○ Information from a customer report;
○ The fact that an individual is or has been a customer of
Square Capital or has obtained a financial product or
service from Square Capital; and
○ Any information about Square Capitalʼs customer if it is
disclosed in a manner that indicates that the individual is
or has been a Square Capital customer.
● Any list, description, or other grouping of customers that is
derived using any personally identifiable financial information that
is not publicly available. Lists include, but are not limited to, any
list of individualsʼ names and addresses that is derived in whole
or in part using personally identifiable information that is not
publicly available, such as account numbers.
Nonpublic personal information does not include information that is
available from public sources, such as telephone directories or
government records. It also does not include aggregate information or
blind data that does not contain personal identifiers.
Affiliate Any company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with another company.
Non-Affiliated Third Persons or entities except affiliate(s) and persons jointly employed by a
Party financial institution and a nonaffiliated third party. GLBA Privacy Rules
restrict information sharing with non-affiliated third parties.
Clear and A notice is reasonably understandable and designed to call attention to
Conspicuous the nature and significance of the information in the notice.

Collect To obtain information that can be organized to retrieve information by the
name of an individual or by identifying number, symbol, or other
identifying information assigned to the individual, irrespective of the
source of the underlying information.
2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1. Credit Card Privacy
2.1.1. How Square Capital Collects Information
Information about customers is accumulated in various ways including, but not limited to, via loan
applications and information from a customer report.
2.1.2. Information Square Capital is Allowed to Share
The law allows Square Capital to share information with Square Capitalʼs affiliate(s), to the extent it is
allowable for Squareʼs affiliate(s) to have that information to act as required by or for Square Capital.
The law further allows sharing as permitted for customer credit report information as established by
the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA. In addition, Square Capitalʼs current practice is to only share
information about transactions and experiences with its affiliate(s). Please see the Square Capital
Fair and Accurate Transactions Act Policy for more information.
Prior to sharing information with third parties, Square Capital must have a permissible purpose and
must receive approval to share the information with third parties via Squareʼs standard third party
risk management practices. Square Capital may share information with other parties under any of
the following conditions:
● To market Square Capitalʼs own financial products or services;
● Where third parties are performing services or functions on behalf of Square Capital, including
marketing Square Capitalʼs own products or services;
● Products and services offered pursuant to a joint agreement between Square Capital and a
third party financial institution, provided that Square Capital:
○ discloses that arrangement, and
○ enters into an agreement with the third party to maintain the confidentiality of the
information.
● The customer consents;

● It is necessary to effect, administer, or enforce a transaction requested or authorized by the
customer;
● To process and service transactions the customer requests or authorizes;
● To protect against potential fraud or unauthorized transactions;
● To protect the confidentiality or security of Square Capitalʼs records;
● For risk control purposes or for resolving customer disputes;
● To persons holding a legal or beneficial interest relating to the customer;
● To persons acting in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of the customer;
● To law enforcement agencies, if permitted or required under other provisions of law;
● To respond to judicial process, attorneys, accountants and auditors;
● To respond to governmental authorities for examination, compliance, or other lawful purposes;
● To a customer reporting agency in accordance with the FCRA; or
● To comply with federal state or local laws.
2.1.3. OptOut Provision
Although Square Capital does not currently engage in this practice, if the company does share
nonpublic personal information with nonaffiliated third parties other than as defined above, Square
Capital may offer customers the opportunity to “opt-outˮ of the information sharing process. Prior to
any such sharing and if choosing to offer an opt-out provision, Square Capital will ensure that the
customer is provided with the right to opt-out or limit the sharing by notifying Square Capital of the
intent to “opt-outˮ through the use of a mail-in form or other permissible means.
2.1.4. Privacy Notice to New Customers
Square Capital is required to provide a copy of the Privacy Notice when it enters into a customer
relationship with a customer. A customer relationship means a continuing relationship between a
customer and Square Capital, and is established when Square Capital provides one or more financial
products or services to the customer that are to be used primarily for personal, family, or household
purposes. Square Capital provides a copy of its Privacy Notice to all customers prior to origination
and requires the customer to acknowledge receipt of the privacy notice as a necessary step to
obtaining a loan with Square Capital.
2.1.5. Annual Privacy Notice
Square Capital may elect to annually provide a Privacy Notice to applicable customers, as long as
there is a continuation of the customer relationship, subject to the below qualifiers:

● Annually means at least once in any period of 12 consecutive months during which that
relationship exists; and
● Square Capital may post the Privacy Notice on its webpage (e.g., Square Capital website or
consumer dashboard) and send an email to all applicable customers notifying them of the
location of the Privacy Notice.
Alternatively, as a business decision, Square Capital may elect not to send a Privacy Notice, which
may be appropriate in particular where both of the following are true:
● Nonpublic personal information is only shared in the manner and to the extent outlined above;
and
● The policies and practices regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information have not
changed from those that were disclosed in the most recent privacy notice that was sent.
2.1.6. Changes to the Privacy Notice
Square Capital does not disclose any nonpublic personal information about a customer other than as
described in the Privacy Notice, unless Square Capital provides a clear and conspicuous revised
privacy notice that accurately describes the new policies and practices.
2.1.7. Other Information Use and Sharing Restrictions
Below are additional restrictions related to information use and sharing, including:
● Account numbers or similar forms of access numbers or access codes for a customer's credit
account cannot be disclosed to any non‑affiliated third party for the purpose of marketing
non‑Square Capital products;
● Customer information or other types of information obtained from companies for which Square
Capital is a service provider may not be used except as permitted by the contract. For
example, Square Capital may not use information received through delivery of cash
management services for Square Capitalʼs own marketing purposes; and
● Business Lines are responsible for ensuring information passed to non‑affiliated third parties
(e.g., service providers, marketing companies, etc.) is limited to information needed to fulfill
the service provided by the third party.

2.2. Right to Financial Privacy Act
2.2.1. Access to Financial Records by Federal Government Authorities
In respect of any requests received from law enforcement or federal government authority for a
customerʼs financial records, Square Capital must ensure that any disclosure complies with the
requirements of the Right to Financial Privacy Act. Before Square Capital staff members provide a
customerʼs financial records to a federal government authority, one of the following must have been
received:
● Voluntarily signed and dated authorization by a customer which:
○ Authorizes such disclosure for a period not to exceed three 3 months;
○ States that the customer may revoke such authorization at any time before the financial
records are disclosed;
○ Identifies the financial records authorized to be disclosed;
○ Specifies the purposes for which, and the government authority to which, such records
may be disclosed; and
○ States the memberʼs rights under the RFPA.
Square Capital does not require customer authorization for disclosure as a condition of doing
business.
An administrative subpoena or summons. Square Capital may release a customerʼs financial
information only if:
● There is reason to believe the records sought are related to a legitimate law enforcement
inquiry;
● The customer has been served with a copy of the subpoena and the notice required by the
RFPA on or before the date that Square Capital is served; and
● Ten 10 days have expired from the date the customer was served (or 14 days if the customer
was served by mail), and the customer has not filed a motion/application to stop the subpoena.
● A search warrant.
● A judicial subpoena. If the customer does not challenge the subpoena in court, the records
may be available to a federal government authority upon expiration of ten 10 days from the
date of service (or 14 days if the notice was mailed to the customer).
● A formal written request by a federal government authority, which is only used when no
administrative summons or subpoena authority is available to the federal authority (above). If
the customer does not challenge this written request in court, the records may be available to a

federal government authority upon expiration of ten 10 days from the date of service (or 14
days if the notice was mailed to the customer).
In addition to one of the above documents, Square Capital must also receive a written certification
from the federal government authority that the authority has complied with the applicable provisions
of the RFPA. Upon receipt, Square Capital prepares delivery of the requested financial information,
subject to consultation with the Law Enforcement Response Team and other appropriate
stakeholders (e.g. Privacy or Regulatory Counsel) as needed.
2.2.2. Delayed Notification
Square Capital may be required to delay notice to the customer that records have been requested or
obtained for ninety 90 days, or indefinitely, if a judge finds that:
● The investigation being conducted is within the lawful jurisdiction of the federal government
authority seeking the financial records;
● There is reason to believe the records sought are relevant to a legitimate law enforcement
inquiry; and
● There is reason to believe such notice will result in:
○ Endangering the life or physical safety of any person;
○ Flight from prosecution;
○ Destruction of or tampering with evidence;
○ Intimidation of potential witnesses; or
○ Otherwise seriously jeopardizing an investigation or official proceeding or unduly
delaying a trial or ongoing proceeding to the same extent as the circumstances above.
2.2.3. Exceptions
The RFPA's notification and certification requirements do not apply to the following situations:
● When the disclosure is incident to the perfection of a security interest, proving a claim in
bankruptcy, collecting a debt, or processing an application for a customer with regard to a
government loan, loan guarantee or loan insurance agreement;
● When the request for disclosure is not identified with a particular customer, which also
includes records or information that is not identifiable as being derived from the financial
records of a particular customer;

● When the request for disclosure is pursuant to the exercise of supervisory, regulatory or
monetary functions with respect to financial institutions (e.g., examinations, conservatorships
and receiverships);
● When the disclosure is pursuant to procedures authorized by the Internal Revenue Code;
● When the disclosure is pursuant to the filing of a Suspicious Activity Report (“SARˮ) when
Square Capital believes that information may be relevant to a possible violation of a statute or
regulation;
● When the disclosure is required, pursuant to a federal statute or regulation;
● When the request for disclosure is sought under the Federal Rules of Civil or Criminal
Procedure, or comparable rules of other courts in connection with litigation to which the
government authority and the customer are parties;
● When the request is pursuant to an administrative subpoena issued by an administrative law
judge in certain adjudicatory proceedings to which the government authority and the customer
are parties;
● When the request is pursuant to legitimate law enforcement inquiries, and the information
sought is the name, address, account number and type of account of any customer; When the
request is pursuant to a grand jury subpoena. In these instances, Square Capital staff members
do not disclose the existence of such a subpoena to the customer, or that financial records
were turned over to a grand jury;
● When the records are sought by the Government Accountability Office pursuant to an
authorized proceeding, investigation, examination or audit directed at a government authority;
and
● When Square Capital or supervisory agency provides any record of any officer or employee to
the U.S. Attorney General, a state law enforcement agency, or the Secretary of the Treasury
that there is reason to believe there were crimes against Square Capital by an insider.
2.3. Special Procedures
2.3.1. Access to Financial Records for Certain Intelligence and Protective Purposes
Aside from the exceptions listed above, Square Capital may provide records to the following entities:
● A government authority authorized to conduct foreign counter- or foreign positive-intelligence
activities, when the authority has certified in writing that it has complied with the applicable
provisions of the RFPA;
● The Secret Service for the purpose of conducting its protective functions, when the agency
has certified in writing that it has complied with the applicable provisions of the RFPA;

● A government authority authorized to conduct investigations of, or intelligence or
counterintelligence analyses related to, international terrorism, when the authority has certified
in writing that it has complied with the applicable provisions of the RFPA; or
● The Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBIˮ), when the FBI Director (or its designee) certifies in
writing that such records are sought for foreign counterintelligence purposes to protect against
international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities, provided that such an investigation
of a U.S. person is not conducted solely on the basis protected by the first amendment to the
U.S. Constitution.
Square Capital staff members do not disclose that a government authority listed above has sought or
obtained access to financial records when such authority certifies that there may result a danger to
the national security of the United States, interference with a criminal, counterterrorism, or
counterintelligence investigation, interference with diplomatic relations, or danger to the life or safety
of any person.
2.3.2. Emergency Access to Financial Records
Square Capital staff members may release financial records to a government authority when the
authority determines that delay in obtaining access to such records would result in imminent danger
of the following:
● Physical injury to any person;
● Serious property damage; or
● Flight to avoid prosecution.
In these cases, the government authority will submit to Square Capital the required certificate of
compliance that is signed by a supervisory official of a rank designated by the head of the
government authority.
2.3.3. Customer Request for Records
When a customer's record is disclosed to a government authority pursuant to the customerʼs
authorization, the customer has the right to obtain a copy of the record, including the identity of the
government authority to which such disclosure is made so long that disclosure is not prohibited by
court order. Upon customer request, Square shall provide a copy of the record unless a valid delay
has been granted by the court.

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ The CCO will provide assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the
organization and shall be responsible for establishing appropriate practices
designed to ensure that Company operations reflect the Companyʼs commitment to
compliance and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
○ The CCO is responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy.
The CCO delegates the responsibilities in this section to the Square Head of
Compliance along with the authority to adopt, develop and implement procedures
and reporting that support this Policy.
● Compliance Policy Committee:
○ Reviews and adopts this Policy on an annual basis.
● Head of Business Product Compliance and Partnerships, or Business Product
Compliance Lead, Lending as designee :
○ Owns this Policy document, reviews and approves exception requests.
● Counsel:
○ The Companyʼs legal counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding
the applicability and application of the requirements of this Policy to the Companyʼs
business and operational activities.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.

3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block Inc.ʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Policy Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Square
Capital, LLC and on a need-to-know basis.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Global Complaint Policy
● Document Management Policy
● Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act Policy
● Square Capital RFPA Request Procedure
Review related Regulations
● Right to Financial Privacy Act
● Fair Credit Reporting Act
● Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.

Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Square Capital Square Capital Creation Revision of August 9, 2024
Board of Board of previously drafted
Managers Managers Privacy Principles
Policy,
reformatted and
edited to current
standards
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Scheduled January 24, 2025
Board of Board of review; immaterial
Managers Managers change
Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Scheduled October 3, 2025
Policy Policy Committee review; minor
Committee enhancements
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Lending Product Compliance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2