Unfair, Deceptive, or
Abusive Acts or Practices
Policy
Cash App | U.S.
January 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Table of Contents
Table of Contents 2
Definitions 3
1. Introduction 5
2. Purpose 5
3. Scope 5
4. Policy Requirements 5
4.1 Policy Statement 5
4.2 UDAAP Standards 6
4.3 Consumer Harm 7
4.4 Consumer Complaints 8
4.5 Consumer Adverse Actions 8
4.6 Compliance Monitoring and Testing 8
4.7 Servicing Guidelines 9
4.8 Compensation and Performance Evaluations 9
4.9 Advertising, Marketing and Disclosures Guidelines 9
4.10 Internal Controls 11
5. Document Management 12
5.1 Document Owner 12
5.2 Review and Approval 12
6. Training 13
7. Monitoring and Reporting 13
8. Exceptions 13
9. Record Retention 13
10. Related Documentation or References 13
11. Revision and Approval History 14
12. Document Details 14
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
2

Confidential
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
The Company For the purposes of this Policy, the Company refers to Cash App’s U.S.
operations (“Cash App”) a Line of Business under Block, Inc.
Consumer Consumer refers to an individual who is a natural person who obtains or has
obtained a financial product or service that is to be used primarily for personal,
family or household purposes.
Staff Member(s) An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired by
the Company who supports the operations covered by this Policy.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Cash App Head of The Cash App Head of Compliance is responsible for:
Compliance (“Head ● Reviewing and approving this Policy,
of Compliance”) ● Ensuring this policy reflects industry best practices and applicable
regulatory guidance,
● Ensuring that reviews to evaluate UDAAP risk mitigation are conducted
for applicable products and services, including marketing, disclosures,
advertising and other requirements outlined in this Policy, and
● Ensuring that appropriate Staff Members are trained on UDAAP at
least annually commensurate with their roles and responsibilities.
As appropriate, the Head of Compliance may delegate the above
responsibilities to relevant Senior Management, the Cash App Consumer
Protection Compliance Lead or Compliance Staff who inform and escalate key
risks and Issues to the Head of Compliance.
Cash App Consumer Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead as the owner of this Policy is
Protection responsible for:
Compliance Lead ● Serving as the subject matter expert for content relevant to this Policy,
● Developing the Policy to meet regulatory expectations,
● Ensuring regulatory requirements are included in documentation,
● Providing and communicating roles and responsibilities to relevant
stakeholders including business partners,
● Liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates,
● Conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
3

Confidential
Role Responsibility
● Delegating and overseeing documentation requirements, as needed.
Compliance Staff Provide oversight and guidance to Business Units in implementing the
requirements of this Policy.
Staff Members The Company’s Staff Members are responsible for:
● Understanding and complying with applicable laws and regulations for
this Policy,
● Completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
● Promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Senior Management Senior Management, which includes key members of Block’s management
team, is responsible for supporting the Block, Inc. Chief Compliance Officer
and the Head of Cash App, Compliance in delegated day-to-day
responsibilities such as:
● Demonstrating clear and appropriate expectations about compliance,
not only within Block and its related entities but also to third-party
service providers;
● Maintaining effective internal controls and executing risk and control
procedures on a day-to-day basis;
● Addressing compliance issues and associated risks of customer harm;
● Implementing corrective actions to address process and control
deficiencies;
● Identifying and supporting execution of monitoring and testing plans,
including the review of results; and
● Ensuring that recurring reports of compliance risks, issues, and
resolution are retained.
Members of Senior Management may also be compliance Staff Members,
reporting either directly or indirectly to the Block Chief Compliance Officer or
Head of Cash App Compliance.
Legal Counsel Legal Counsel is responsible for:
● Providing approval and interpretative advice and counsel regarding the
applicability and application of requirements of this Policy,
● Providing legal advice by identifying and validating relevant regulatory
obligations applicable to The Company’s products and operations, and
● Working with the Cash App Consumer Protection Compliance Lead and
other relevant Staff Members to support Consumer complaint
resolution and any corrective action.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
4

Confidential
1. Introduction
This Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy (“Policy”) communicates the expectation to Staff
Members and business partners that Cash App (“Cash App”), a Line of Business under Block, Inc. will comply
with the Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Standards (the “UDAAP Standards”) contained in
sections 1031 and 1036 of the Dodd-Frank Act, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, as well as
state laws prohibiting similar acts or practices.
The Cash App Head of Compliance and/or their designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
The Company recognizes that UDAAP violations can present significant legal, reputational, and compliance
risk. The purpose of this Policy is to set forth the expectations for the Company to manage and implement
the requirements of the UDAAP standards as outlined below in this Policy. The Company’s prevention of
UDAAP-related violations requires transparency, truthfulness, suitability, and fairness in Cash App-related
transactions and other dealings with Consumers.
3. Scope
This Policy is established for Cash App, U.S. a Line of Business under Block, Inc. and is applicable to the Cash
App business and related products and services.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Policy Statement
The Company is committed to offering its products through all stages of the product life cycle in a fair and
responsible manner and in accordance with applicable state and federal Consumer protection laws and
regulations, which includes those promulgated under state and federal UDAAP laws and regulations. The
Company expects that the terms and conditions governing use of its products and services will be
communicated to Consumers in a clear, transparent, and accurate manner and that these products and
services offer a tangible benefit to Consumers. UDAAP violations can occur at any stage in the product
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
5

Confidential
lifecycle; therefore, the Company requires that relevant product and services and their associated business
activities be reviewed by Compliance to ensure adherence to UDAAP Standards.
Wherever state or local regulations overlap with, and are stricter than the requirements set out in this Policy,
the more conservative or restrictive approach will be applied in those jurisdictions provided such approach is
lawful. If any applicable laws conflict with this Policy, the Company will consult with appropriate Legal
Counsel to resolve the conflict and adjust the Company’s policies and procedures to ensure compliance.
The Company is committed to:
● Ensuring that Staff Members do not participate in any representation, omission, or practice that
is unfair, deceptive, or abusive;
● Ensuring that Consumers understand the Cash App U.S. products and services they receive;
● Providing advertising that contain disclosures in a clear, conspicuous, transparent, and accurate
manner; and
● Incorporating reasonable business practices for all aspects of the Company’s operations to avoid
engaging in acts or practices that are unfair, deceptive, or abusive.
4.2 UDAAP Standards
The application of UDAAP Standards set forth below is fact-based and context dependent. The legal
standards for unfairness, deception, and abusiveness are defined below. These Standards may be
interpreted with other existing rules and regulations that may be applicable to an act or practice; and even
though more than one Standard may apply to a situation, the legal Standards for unfair, deceptive, and
abusive, are each separate.
● Unfair Acts or Practices. An act or practice is unfair where it causes or is likely to cause
substantial injury to Consumers which cannot be reasonably avoided and the injury is not
outweighed by countervailing benefits to Consumers or to competition. An act or practice that
causes a small amount of harm to a large number of people may be deemed to cause substantial
injury. However, an act or practice is not considered to be unfair if Consumers may reasonably
avoid injury. Consumers cannot reasonably avoid injury if the act or practice interferes with their
ability to make decisions or take action to avoid injury.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
6

Confidential
Public policy, as established by statute, regulation or judicial decisions may be considered, with
other evidence, to determine whether an act or practice is unfair and the particular facts in a case
are crucial to the determination of unfairness.
The Company complies with guidance that discrimination may be considered an unfair act or
practice. As such, the Company will treat all applicants and Consumers equally, and will not
discriminate during the stages of the product life cycle, including marketing, account opening,
servicing, or collections.
● Deceptive Acts or Practices. An act or practice is deceptive where there is a representation,
omission, or practice that misleads or is likely to mislead Consumers; the Consumer’s
interpretation of the representation, omission, act, or practice is reasonable under the
circumstances; and the misleading representation, omission, act, or practice is material.1
A deceptive representation may be an express or implied claim or promise and it may be written
or oral. The omission of material information may be deceptive if disclosure of the omitted
information is necessary to prevent a Consumer from being misled. When representations or
marketing practices are targeted to a specific audience, such as the elderly, young people, or
financially unsophisticated, the standard is based upon the effects of the act or practice on a
reasonable member of that group.
● Abusive Acts or Practices. An act or practice is abusive if it materially interferes with the ability
of a Consumer to understand a term or condition of a product or service or takes unreasonable
advantage of: (i) a lack of understanding on the part of the Consumer of the material risks, costs,
or conditions of the product or service; (ii) the inability of the Consumer to protect their interests
in selecting or using the financial product or service; or (iii) the reasonable reliance by the
Consumer on a covered person to act in the interests of the Consumer.
4.3 Consumer Harm
Any unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice can result in Consumer harm. Consumer harm is any actual
or potential loss or injury to a Consumer, whether financial or non-financial, that may be caused by the
1
See FTC Policy Statement on Deception, available at https://www.ftc.gov/legal-library/browse/ftc-policy-statement-deception
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
7

Confidential
violation of federal or state Consumer protection laws or regulations, or by weaknesses in the Compliance
Management System (“CMS”). The Company seeks to offer its products and services in a clear, transparent,
and accurate manner and in accordance with applicable state and federal Consumer protection laws and
regulations to avoid instances of Consumer harm.
4.4 Consumer Complaints
Consumer complaints play a key role in detecting potential UDAAP risk. Block’s Global Complaints Policy and
underlying Complaints Program Standard includes minimum requirements for the Company in relation to the
identification, classification, treatment, and reporting of complaints. The Company complies with legal,
regulatory, and contractual requirements governing the handling of Consumer complaints arising from the
Company’s products and services.
4.5 Consumer Adverse Actions
The Company is responsible for adherence to UDAAP Standards in its approach to taking action against
Consumers who violate Cash App’s Terms of Service or internal policies, or engage in suspicious or illegal
activity (together, referred to as prohibited activity). As outlined in Cash App’s Compliance Customer Adverse
Actions Policy, the Company will take reasonable steps to provide notification of termination or other types
of changes by email or at the next access of the App. The Company will not exit a Consumer relationship
based on discrimination of a protected class.
4.6 Compliance Monitoring and Testing
The Company is committed to maintaining a robust Global Compliance Monitoring & Testing (“GCMT”)
function and maintaining compliance with the laws and regulations governing the conduct of its business.
The GCMT function oversees the risk-based monitoring and testing function for the Company by developing
and executing an annual monitoring and testing plan to support adherence to regulatory compliance
requirements, including UDAAP, and the frequency of testing for applicable regulations and the Company's
risk profile. Corrective action to any noted deficiencies are implemented efficiently and documented
accordingly.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
8

Confidential
4.7 Servicing Guidelines
For third-parties engaged in loan servicing, relevant servicing-related policies, procedures, programs, and
Consumer communications are reviewed by Compliance prior to, and during their use, to take reasonable
measures to ensure they comply with UDAAP Standards.
4.8 Compensation and Performance Evaluations
If and when the Company or any third-party vendors provide support center Consumer servicing, which
includes any servicing communications delivered via existing communication methods, the Company will
strive to ensure compensation and performance evaluations of internal employees and performance
oversight of vendor advocates do not contribute to UDAAP risk. The Company maintains relevant metrics and
controls, which includes quality assurance and case monitoring.
4.9 Advertising, Marketing and Disclosures Guidelines
Advertising and Marketing Guidelines. The Company is committed to the following principles with regard to
marketing, advertising, and sales materials. Such materials will:
● Fairly, clearly, timely, and adequately disclose and describe all terms, benefits, costs, risks, and
material limitations of the product or service being offered, including any related or optional
products and services;
● Not intentionally misrepresent the above-referenced terms, benefits, costs, risks, and material
limitations either affirmatively or by omission;
● Not use intentionally misleading headlines;
● Use conspicuous disclosures to clarify potentially misleading headlines instead of fine print,
separate statements, or inconspicuous disclosures;
● Have a reasonable factual basis for all representations made in all communications to
Consumers;
● Draw the attention of Consumers to key terms, including limitations and conditions that are
important in enabling the Consumer to make an informed decision regarding whether the product
or service meets their needs;
● Inform Consumers in a clear and timely manner about fees, penalties, or other charges that have
been imposed, and the reasons for their imposition;
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
9

Confidential
● Clearly inform Consumers of contract provisions that permit a change in the terms and conditions
of the agreement;
● Clearly inform Consumers when the approved account terms are less favorable than the
advertised terms or terms previously disclosed;
● Clearly disclose any limitations, conditions, or restrictions on the offer when using terms such as
“pre-approved,” or “guaranteed”;
● Not make claims, representations, or statements that mislead the target audience about cost,
value, availability, cost savings, benefits, or terms of the product or service; and
● Avoid advertising that a particular service will be provided in connection with an account if there
is no intent or ability to provide or monitor the receipt of that service to account holders.
Disclosure Guidelines. The Company maintains a library of approved disclosures that require Legal Counsel
review when updates are made or new disclosures are created. Materials are reviewed by Compliance to
ensure that the appropriate disclosure is used. Disclosures should meet the requirements outlined here:
● Pass the four P’s test to help avoid deception, which include: prominence, presentation,
placement, and proximity:
○ Prominence. Is the disclosure big enough for Consumers to read easily?
○ Presentation. Is the disclosure worded in a way that Consumers can easily
understand?
○ Placement. Is the disclosure where Consumers are likely to look?
○ Proximity. Is the disclosure close to the claim it modifies?
● Fairly, clearly, timely, and adequately disclose and describe all terms, benefits, costs/pricing,
risks, and other material terms;
● Use conspicuous disclosures to clarify potentially misleading headlines instead of fine print,
separate statements, or inconspicuous disclosures;
● Draw the attention of Consumers to key terms, including limitations and conditions that are
important in enabling the Consumer to make an informed decision regarding whether the
product or service meets their needs;
● Inform Consumers in a clear and timely manner about fees, penalties, or other charges that
have been imposed, and the reasons for their imposition;
● Clearly inform Consumers of contract provisions that permit a change in the terms and
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
10

Confidential
conditions of the agreement;
● For email advertisements, verify that the materials: (1) contain adequate opt-out disclosures,
(2) accurately identify the "From," "To," and "Reply To" headers, and (3) adequately contain a
subject line that reflects the content of the message;
● Clearly inform Consumers when the approved account terms are less favorable than the
advertised terms or terms previously disclosed;
● Clearly disclose any limitations, conditions, or restrictions on the offer when using terms such
as “pre-approved,” or “guaranteed”.
4.10 Internal Controls
Internal Controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that products and services are offered in
adherence to UDAAP Standards. To assess the effectiveness of internal controls and compliance with this
Policy, the following activities occur:
● Advertising, Marketing, and Disclosure Reviews. Advertisements, marketing, promotions,
related sales materials, and Consumer communications are reviewed by Compliance, prior to
their use in business activities, to ensure they fairly, accurately, and transparently represent the
benefits, costs, and risks of the product(s) or service(s) addressed. Additionally, Legal review and
approve proposed changes to required disclosures.
● Procedure Reviews. The Company requires that relevant business lines identify and obtain
review of Procedures associated with this Policy when material changes are made or at least
annually to ensure ongoing alignment with this Policy.
● Product and Services Offering Reviews. The Company is committed to ensuring that adequate
review of UDAAP related risks are conducted as a part of the evaluation of new product
development. Business line Staff Members responsible for developing new products or
overseeing material changes to existing products (including any third-party vendors engaged by
such Staff Members) must comply with established review processes. The review processes
ensure reasonable business practices for all aspects of the Company’s operations to avoid
engaging in acts or practices that are unfair, deceptive, or abusive.
● Servicing and Collection Reviews. For third-parties engaged in loan servicing and collections,
Compliance reviews applicable servicing and collection-related policies, procedures, programs,
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
11

Confidential
and Consumer communications, prior to, and during their use, to take reasonable measures to
ensure they are fair, accurate, and transparent.
● Third-Party Risk Management. Third-parties and merchants who perform customer
related-services on behalf of the Company must adhere to the guidelines and standards outlined
in this Policy. The Staff Member(s) responsible for managing the relationship with the third-party
must ensure the company understands the prohibitions against UDAAP, and ongoing monitoring
of the third-party conducted to ensure adherence.
● Credit Practices Rule. In connection with extensions of credit to Consumers by third-parties, the
Company will take reasonable measures to ensure that the following are not included in relevant
contracts: confessions of judgment, waivers of exemption, wage assignments, or security
interests in household goods provisions. Additionally, as applicable, the Company will ensure that
third-parties extending credit provide notice to Consumers who cosign obligations about their
potential liability. Furthermore, the Company will take reasonable measures to ensure that
third-parties engaging in collections do not collect on late fees on payments that would
otherwise be considered a full payment for the applicable period that are paid on the due date, or
within an applicable grace period, when the only delinquency is attributable to late fees or
delinquency charges assessed on earlier installments.
● Preservations of Claims and Defenses. In connection with any sale or lease of goods or
services to Consumers made by third-parties affecting commerce (as commerce is defined in
the Federal Trade Commission Act), the Company will take reasonable measures to ensure
that such third-parties comply with the FTC’s Holder Rule.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Cash App Head of Compliance or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
12

Confidential
6. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance
Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
Periodic testing will be conducted to determine compliance with this Policy and associated procedures.
Items that fail to meet a specific Policy requirement are reported as a finding using the GCMT process.
8. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy.
Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a
description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception.
Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any
approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp.
The Policy Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed,
of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related References:
Regulation Name The Dodd-Frank Act
Regulation Name The Federal Trade Commission Act
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
13

Confidential
11. Revision and Approval History
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Brian Kollmeyer Cash App Creation Initial creation of Sep 3, 2024
Consumer policy
Protection
Compliance Lead
Jason Liberman Interim Cash App Initial Appro… Initial approval of Sep 24, 2024
Head of policy
Compliance
Compliance Policy Compliance Policy Initial Appro… Approval Jan 22, 2025
Committee Committee
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional (United States)
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App, Consumer Protection Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date January 22, 2025
Effective Date September 24, 2024
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Review Schedule Annually
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices Policy | Cash App | U.S.
14