Fair Debt Collection
Practices Act Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
U.S., Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 5
3. Purpose 5
4. Scope 5
5. Policy Requirements 6
5.1 Policy Statement 6
5.2 FDCPA Policy Requirements 6
6. Roles and Responsibilities 11
7. Document Management 12
7.1 Document Owner 12
7.2 Review and Approval 13
8. Training 13
9. Monitoring and Reporting 13
10. Exceptions 13
11. Record Retention 14
12. Related Documentation or References 14
13. Revision and Approval History 14
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 14
13.2 Approval History 14
14. Document Details 15
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Attempt to Any act to initiate a communication or other contact about a Debt with
Communicate any person through any medium, including by soliciting a response from
such person. An attempt to communicate includes leaving a
limited-content message.
Consumer Any natural person, whether living or deceased, obligated or allegedly
obligated to pay any Debt.
Creditor Any person who offers or extends credit creating a Debt or to whom a
Debt is owed. The term Creditor does not, however, include any person
to the extent that such person receives an assignment or transfer of a
Debt in default solely to facilitate collection of the Debt for another.
Credit Products Credit encompasses Afterpay’s three lending products (Buy Now Pay
Later, Monthly, and Afterpay Plus) unless otherwise noted.
Debt Any obligation or alleged obligation of a Consumer to pay money arising
out of a transaction in which the money, property, insurance, or services
that are the subject of the transaction are primarily for personal, family,
or household purposes, whether or not the obligation has been reduced
to judgment.
Debt Collector Any person who regularly collects, or attempts to collect, directly or
indirectly, Consumer Debts for another person or institution or uses a
name other than its own when collecting its own Consumer Debts. The
term would include, for example, an institution that regularly collects
Debts for an unrelated institution. It includes reciprocal service
arrangements under which one institution solicits the help of another in
collecting a defaulted Debt from a customer who has moved. An
institution is not a Debt Collector under the FDCPA when it collects:
● Another’s Debt in isolated instances;
● Its own Debts under its own name;
● Debts it originated and then sold but continues to service;
● Debts that were not in default when the Debts were obtained;
● Debts that were obtained as security for a commercial credit
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
transaction;
● Debts incidental to a bona fide fiduciary relationship or escrow
arrangement; or
● Debts regularly for other institutions, to which it is related by
common ownership or corporate control, provided the institution
acts as a Debt Collector only for persons with whom it is related
and its principal business is not the collection of Debts.
2. Introduction
This Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines Afterpay US, Inc.’s
(“Afterpay”)commitment to comply with the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (“FDCPA”). Cash
App’s Head of Compliance and/or their designee is responsible for the management of this Policy.
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate Afterpay’s commitment to comply with the FDCPA and
govern its compliance with applicable collections-related requirements. Afterpay recognizes that
FDCPA violations can present significant legal, reputational, and compliance risk for Afterpay. While
Afterpay may not meet the definition of a Debt Collector, it has elected to: (i) comply with FDCPA
best practices when collecting Debts; and (ii) monitor and oversee any third-party Debt collection
agency that may be engaged to collect Debt from Afterpay’s’s borrowers.
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay.This Policy is applicable to Afterpay’s’s Employees and sets out
the approach to FDCPA compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay and
relevant personnel are aware of and comply with expectations regarding FDCPA.
5. Policy Requirements
5.1 Policy Statement
Afterpay is committed to ensuring that collection activity across all Credit Products is conducted in a
manner consistent with the spirit of the law.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Wherever state or local regulations overlap and are stricter than the requirements set out in this
policy, the more conservative approach will be applied. If any applicable in conflict with this policy,
Afterpay will consult with the appropriate legal counsel to resolve the conflict and adjust Afterpay’s
policies and procedures to ensure compliance.
5.2 FDCPA Policy Requirements
The primary purposes of this Policy are:
● To eliminate abusive, deceptive, and unfair Debt collection practices by Debt Collectors in
Attempts to Communicate the collection of Consumer Debts;
● To promote fair Debt collection so that those Debt Collectors who refrain from using abusive
Debt collection practices are not competitively disadvantaged;
● To provide Consumers with an avenue for disputing and obtaining validation of Debt
information to ensure the information’s accuracy; and
● To promote consistent state action to protect Consumers against Debt collection abuses.
○ Contact Times. A Debt Collector may not communicate with a Consumer in
connection with the collection of a Debt at any unusual time (before 8:00 a.m. or after
9:00 p.m. in the Consumer’s time zone, absent knowledge of circumstances to the
contrary) or place known or which should be known to be inconvenient to the
Consumer.
○ Call Frequency. A Debt Collector is presumed to violate the law if the Debt Collector
places a telephone call to you about a particular Debt:
■ More than seven times within a seven-day period; or
■ Within seven days after engaging in a phone conversation with you
about a particular Debt.
○ Mini-Miranda Disclosures. A Debt Collector must disclose in the initial written
communication with the Consumer and, in addition, if the initial communication with
the Consumer is oral, in that oral communication, that the Debt Collector is
attempting to collect a Debt and that any information obtained will be used for that
purpose. The Debt Collector must also disclose in subsequent communications that
the communication is from a Debt Collector.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Limited-content Messages. A “limited-content message” is a type of voicemail that a
Debt Collector may leave that must include specific information. Limited-content
messages must include:
■ A business name that does not indicate the caller is a Debt Collector;
■ Telephone number(s) the customer can use to return the call; and
■ A request that the customer replies and the name(s) of who the
customer can contact to reply.
Voicemails that don’t follow these rules are not considered limited-content messages.
○ Cease and Desist. If a Consumer notifies a Debt Collector in writing that the Consumer
refuses to pay a Debt or requests that the Debt Collector cease further communication,
the Debt Collector must cease further communication with respect to such Debt except:
■ To advise the Consumer that further collection efforts are being
terminated;
■ To notify the Consumer that specified remedies may be invoked; and
■ To notify the Consumer that the Debt Collector or Creditor intends to
invoke a specified remedy.
○ Attorney Representation. If the Debt Collector knows the Consumer is represented
by an attorney with respect to such Debt, and has knowledge or can easily ascertain
the attorney’s name and address, all contacts must be with that attorney, unless the
attorney fails to respond within a reasonable period of time to a communication from
the Debt Collector or agrees to allow direct communication with the Consumer.
○ Workplace Contact. A Debt Collector may not contact the Consumer at his or her
place of employment if the Debt Collector knows or has reason to know that the
Consumer’s employer prohibits the Consumer from receiving such communication.
○ Communicating with Third Parties. Without the prior consent of the Consumer
given directly to the Debt Collector, a Debt Collector may not communicate, in
connection with the collection of any Debt, with any person other than the Consumer,
their attorney, or a Consumer reporting agency if otherwise permitted by law, the
Creditor, the attorney of the Creditor, or the attorney of the Debt Collector.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Harassing and Abusive Practices. A Debt Collector may not engage in any conduct,
the natural consequence of which is to harass, oppress, or abuse any person in
connection with the collection of a Debt. Examples of harassing and abusive practices
include, among others:
■ Use or threat of use of violence or other criminal means to harm the
physical person, reputation, or property of any person;
■ Use of obscene, profane, or other abusive language;
■ Publication of a list of Consumers allegedly refusing to pay Debts,
except to a Consumer reporting agency;
■ Advertisement for sale of any Debt to coerce payment;
■ Repeatedly calling or allowing a phone to ring continuously;
■ Failing to properly identify oneself on telephone calls; and,
■ The placement of telephone calls without meaningful disclosure of the
caller’s identity.
○ False or Misleading Representations. A Debt Collector may not use any false,
deceptive, or misleading representation in connection with the collection of any Debt.
Examples of false and misleading representations include, among others:
■ False representation or implication that the Debt Collector is vouched
for or bonded by the United States or any state;
■ False representation of the character, amount, or legal status of the
Debt;
■ False representation or implication that the Debt Collector is an
attorney or that communications are from an attorney;
■ The representation or implication that the Consumer has committed a
crime or that nonpayment will result in the arrest or imprisonment;
■ Threatening to take any action, including seizure, garnishment,
attachment, or sale of personal property or wages, unless such action is
lawful and intended;
■ Communicating or threatening to communicate credit information
which is known or should be known to be false, including the failure to
communicate that a Debt is disputed;
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ The use or distribution of any written communication which simulates
or is falsely represented to be a document authorized, issued, or
approved by any court, official, or agency of the United States or any
state, or which creates a false impression as to its source, authorization,
or approval;
■ Using any false representation or deceptive means to collect or attempt
to collect any Debt or to obtain information concerning a Consumer;
■ False representation or implication that documents are legal process, or
conversely, that documents are not legal process or do not require
action by the Consumer;
■ The use of any business, company, or organization name other than the
true name of the Debt Collector’s business, company, or organization;
and
■ False representation or implication that a Debt Collector operates or is
employed by a Consumer reporting agency.
○ Unfair Practices. A Debt Collector may not use unfair or unconscionable means to
collect or attempt to collect any Debt. Examples of unfair or unconscionable means
include, among others:
■ Collecting any amount (including interest, fee, charge, or expense
incidental to the principal obligation) unless such amount is expressly
authorized by the agreement creating the Debt or otherwise permitted
by law;
■ Taking or threatening to take any action to effect dispossession or
disablement of property when the Debt Collector or Creditor has no
enforceable right or intent to take such action;
■ Communicating with a Consumer regarding a Debt by post card;
■ Miss-application of post-dated checks for payment in connection with
the collection of a Debt; and,Using any language or symbol, other than
the Debt Collector’s address, on any envelope when communicating
with a Consumer.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Purchaser of Value. A Debt Collector may not falsely represent or imply that an
account has been turned over to innocent purchasers for value in connection with
collecting or attempting to collect, directly or indirectly, Debts owed or due.
○ Communicating for Locating a Customer. A Debt Collector must use discretion
when attempting to locate a Consumer for the purposes of collecting a Debt.
○ Disputed Debts. A Debt Collector may not declare admission of liability if the Debtor
fails to dispute the validity of the Debt.
○ Initial Pleadings not an Individual Communication. A Debt Collector may not
consider a formal pleading in a civil action as an initial communication for purposes of
the Debt validation notice requirement when collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or
asserted to be owed or due.
○ Notice Provisions. A Debt Collector must adhere to the express requirements of Title
26, title V of Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, or any provision of Federal or State law when
sending notices to a Debtor for the purpose of collecting a Debt that is owed or due,
or asserted to be owed or due.
○ Multiple Debts. When dealing with multiple Debts, a Debt Collector must adequately
disburse funds based on the Consumer's directions.
○ Legal Actions. A Debt Collector must use proper venue and avoid collecting
time-barred Debt when collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed
or due.
○ Medium to Communicate. A Debt Collector may not use the medium of
communication in which a Debtor has opted out of for the purpose of collecting a
Debt that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed or due.
○ Consumer Reporting Agencies. A Debt Collector may not furnish information to the
Consumer reporting agencies prior to speaking with Debtor when collecting a Debt
that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed or due.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Bankruptcy. A Debt Collector may not sell, transfer for consideration, or place for
collection a Debt if the Debt Collector knows or should know that the Debt has been
paid or settled or discharged in bankruptcy.
○ Rights to DIspute. A Debt Collector may not engaging in collection activity during
validation period when collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed
or due.
○ Sending Disclosures. A Debt Collector must send disclosures in a reasonable manner
when collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed or due.
○ Email Addresses & Text Messages. A Debt Collector must use reasonable measures
and take certain precautions when using email and text to collect a Debt that is owed
or due, or asserted to be owed or due. However, Afterpay may reveal its name or other
information indicating that the communication relates to the collection of a Debt.
○ Opt Out Notice. A Debt Collector must offer the ability to opt out of electronic notices
when collecting a Debt that is owed or due, or asserted to be owed or due.
○ Employee Assumed Name. A Debt Collector, who is attempting to collect a Debt of
an employee, may use assumed names when attempting to collect a Debt.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all
employees commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All employees engaged in the activity
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
or performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training
upon hire and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
10. Exceptions
The document owner or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.’s’s document retention
guidelines. In addition, Afterpaywill retain all records documenting compliance with applicable
FDCPA requirements starting on the date that the debt collector begins collection activity on a debt
for a period of three years after the debt collector’s last collection activity on the debt, including
telephone recordings of each debt collection call for a period of three years after the date of the call.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related Program Block, Inc. Compliance Training Program
Related References:
Regulation Name Fair Debt Collection Practices Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Counsel
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
15