Controlling the Assault of
Non-Solicited Pornography
and Marketing Act Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 5
3. Purpose 5
4. Scope 6
5. Policy Requirements 6
6. Roles and Responsibilities 7
7. Document Management 8
7.1 Document Owner 8
7.2 Review and Approval 8
8. Training 9
9. Monitoring and Reporting 9
10. Exceptions 9
11. Record Retention 9
12. Related Documentation or References 10
13. Revision and Approval History 10
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 10
13.2 Approval History 10
14. Document Details 10
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Affirmative Consent As it relates to commercial electronic mail (“email”) messages, the
Recipient expressly consented to receive the message, either in response
to a clear and conspicuous request for such consent or at the Recipient’s
own initiative. If the message is from a party other than the party to
which the Recipient communicated such consent, the Recipient was
given clear and conspicuous notice at the time the consent was
communicated that the Recipient’s email address could be transferred
to such other party for the purpose of initiating Commercial Email
Messages.
Commercial Email Any email message the Primary Purpose of which is to advertise or
Message promote for a commercial purpose, a commercial product or service
including content on the Internet. An email message would not be
considered to be a Commercial Email Message solely because such a
message includes a reference to a commercial entity that serves to
identify the Sender or a reference or link to an Internet website operated
for a commercial purpose.
Primary Purpose The Primary Purpose of an email message will be deemed to be
commercial if it:
● Contains only the commercial advertisement or promotion of a
commercial product or service;
● Contains both commercial content and “transactional or
relationship” content if either:
○ A Recipient reasonably interpreting the subject line of the
email message would likely conclude that the message
contains commercial content; or
○ The email message’s “transactional or relationship”
content does not appear in whole or substantial part at
the beginning of the body of the message.
● Contains both commercial content as well as content that is not
transactional or relationship content if a Recipient reasonably
interprets either:
○ The subject line of the email message would likely
conclude that the message contains commercial content;
or
○ The body of the message would likely conclude that the
Primary Purpose of the message is commercial.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Recipient An authorized user of the email address to which the message was sent
or delivered.
Sender A person who initiates an email message and whose product, service, or
Internet website is advertised or promoted by the message.
Transactional or An email message with the Primary Purpose of facilitating, completing,
Relationship Email or confirming a commercial transaction that the Recipient had
Message previously agreed to enter into; to provide warranty, product recall, or
safety/security information; or subscription, membership, account, loan,
or other information relating to an ongoing purchase or use.
2. Introduction
The Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”) Policy
outlines Afterpay US, Inc’s (“Afterpay”) commitment to comply with the CAN-SPAM Act. CAN-SPAM
requires Afterpay to follow specific procedures when initiating electronic mail (“email”) messages to
customers or prospective customers (including consumers and commercial entities). CAN-SPAM has
several requirements related to email messages, including, but not limited to, receipt of Affirmative
Consent to send commercial messages, certain information in email messages must not be false or
misleading, and that Recipients of commercial messages can opt-out of future correspondence.
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate Afterpay’s commitment to comply with applicable
requirements of CAN-SPAM.
The CAN-SPAM Act was enacted to reduce spam and unsolicited pornography by prohibiting
senders of unsolicited commercial e-mail messages from disguising the source and content of their
messages, and give consumers the choice to cease receiving a sender’s unsolicited commercial
e-mail messages.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay. This Policy is applicable to Afterpay’s Employees and sets out
the approach to CAN-SPAM compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay is
aware of and complies with expectations regarding CAN-SPAM.
5. Policy Requirements
CAN-SPAM details several prohibitions related to the sending of Commercial Email Messages.
Afterpay has established internal procedures to identify an email message where the Primary
Purpose would be considered commercial under CAN-SPAM. Afterpay will comply with the
following requirements:
● Don’t use false or misleading header information. The “From,” “To,” “Reply-To,” and
routing information – including the originating domain name and email address – must
be accurate and identify the person or business who initiated the message.
● Don’t use deceptive email subject lines. The email subject line must accurately reflect
the content of the message.
● Identify the applicable messenger as an ad. The fact that the message is an
advertisement must be clearly and conspicuously disclosed, if the Recipient has not
opted in to marketing emails.
● Tell Recipients where Afterpay is located. The message must include a valid physical
postal address. This can be Afterpay’s current street address, a post office box registered
with the U.S. Postal Service, or a private mailbox registered with a commercial
mail-receiving agency established under Postal Service regulations.
● Tell Recipients how to opt out of receiving future email and unsubscribe from email
lists. The message must include a clear and conspicuous explanation of how the
Recipient can opt out of receiving future emails. Any notice containing an explanation of
how the Recipient can opt out should be designated so that it is easy for an ordinary
person to recognize, read, and understand. Creative use of type size, color, and location
can improve clarity. A return email address or another easy Internet-based way to allow
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
people to communicate their choice to opt out of further email communications must be
provided. A menu can be used to allow a Recipient to opt out of certain types of
messages, but the option to stop all commercial messages must also be included. Make
sure that Afterpay’s spam filter doesn’t block these opt-out requests.
● Honor opt-out requests promptly. Any opt-out mechanism offered must be able to
process opt-out requests for at least 30 days after a message is sent. A Recipient’s opt-out
request must be honored within 10 business days of receipt. Afterpay cannot charge a fee,
require the Recipient to provide any personally identifying information beyond an email
address or make the Recipient take any step other than sending a reply email or visiting a
single page on an Internet website as a condition for honoring an opt-out request. Once
Afterpay has been notified of an opt-out request from the email Recipient, Afterpay is
prohibited from selling or transferring the Recipient’s email address to any other party,
even in the form of a mailing list. The only exception is that the address may be
transferred to a company hired to help ensure compliance with CAN-SPAM.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect the Afterpay’s commitment to
compliance and that all employees are aware of that commitment and
their individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Training
All relevant personnel will receive CAN-SPAM training at least annually covering applicable
requirements and guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training activities are monitored
by the Compliance Team and are outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.’s document retention
guidelines.
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related References:
Regulation Name Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited
Pornography and Marketing Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Counsel
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11