Senior Managers and Certification Regime
SMCR and Conduct Rules Policy
Clearpay Finance Limited
Last Approved: Mar 23, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 23, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Clearpay Finance Limited (“CFLˮ) is committed to upholding the highest
standards of conduct and governance. This Senior Managers and Certification Regime SMCR and
Conduct Rules Policy (“Policyˮ) outlines CFLʼs approach to complying with the Financial Conduct
Authorityʼs (“FCAˮ) Individual Accountability regime. The Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) is
responsible for management of this Policy. This Policy relates to CFL only in its operations in the
United Kingdom.
The purpose of this Policy is to support CFL to comply with the FCAʼs Senior Managers and
Certification Regime. This regime aims to reduce harm to consumers and strengthen market
integrity by making individuals more accountable for their conduct and competence. The Policy
will:
● Establish clear accountability for senior individuals within the firm.
● Ensure that individuals performing key roles meet and maintain standards of fitness,
propriety, and competence.
● Embed the FCA's Conduct Rules throughout the organisation, promoting a culture of good
conduct.
● Define and signpost the processes for managing SMCR requirements effectively.
● Ensure compliance with relevant sections of the FCA Handbook, primarily SYSC, COCON,
and FIT, tailored for a solo-regulated firm.
Scope: This Policy applies to all aspects of CFL's business activities regulated by the FCA. It
applies to all employees and directors of CFL, with specific requirements for:
● Individuals approved by the FCA as Senior Management Functions SMFs ("Senior
Managers").
● Individuals identified by the Firm as performing Certification Functions ("Certified
Persons").
1

● All other employees subject to the FCA Conduct Rules ("Conduct Rules Staff").
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Senior Manager A role designated by the FCA requiring regulatory approval due to its
Function (“SMFˮ) significance.
Senior Manager An individual approved by the FCA to perform one or more SMFs.
Statement of
A document required for each SMF holder detailing their areas of
Responsibilities
responsibility
SoR
Prescribed
Responsibilities Specific responsibilities defined by the FCA that must be allocated to SMFs.
PRs
Management
A document outlining the Firm's management and governance
Responsibilities
arrangements, including SMF responsibilities and reporting lines.
Map
Certification The regime which requires firms to identify staff performing Certification
Regime Functions and assess their fitness and propriety annually.
Certification A role specified by the FCA that could cause significant harm to the firm or
Function its customers, requiring annual certification by the Firm
An individual performing a Certification Function who has been certified by
Certified Person
the Firm as fit and proper
High-level standards of behaviour expected by the FCA, applicable to almost
Conduct Rules
all employees within a regulated firm
The assessment criteria (including honesty, integrity, reputation,
Fitness and
competence, capability, and financial soundness) used to evaluate
Propriety F&P
individuals for SMF and Certification roles
A failure to comply with the requirements of the SMCR, including the
Breach
Conduct Rules.
The reporting of concerns about potential wrongdoing or malpractice within
Whistleblowing
the Firm.
2

2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Introduction
CFL is authorised and regulated by the FCA to enter into regulated consumer credit agreements with
customers (“consumersˮ or “customersˮ). CFL expects all its employees to comply with all applicable
FCA requirements, specifically for this Policy this refers to the FCAʼs Senior Managers and Certification
Regime (“SMCRˮ).
2.2. Governance and Oversight
The Board holds the ultimate responsibility for ensuring CFL complies with its regulatory obligations,
including SMCR. The Board approves this policy and oversees its implementation. The CCO will provide
an overview of the SMCR compliance position annually to the Board, and will provide a quarterly
overview of the Certified and SMF populations, training completion rates, and Conduct Rule breaches
recorded and reported to the FCA.
The CCO holds the relevant SMCR prescribed responsibilities.
2.3. Fitness and Propriety F&P assessments
● Purpose: To ensure individuals appointed to SMF and Certification roles are, and remain,
suitable for their positions.
● Scope: Applies to candidates for SMF and Certification roles (pre-appointment) and
existing SMFs and Certified Persons (ongoing, at least annually).
● Process: Assessments consider honesty, integrity, reputation, competence, capability, and
financial soundness. Associated checks should include, but are not limited to: identity
verification, criminal record checks DBS, credit checks, directorship checks, verification
of qualifications, regulatory references (mandatory for SMF and Certified roles covering the
past 6 years), and internal performance/conduct records. Please see the Clearpay Fitness
and Propriety Standard for more detailed information]
● Assessment: Undertaken by the Human Resources Business Partner HRBP for CFL and
with oversight from CFLʼs CCO who will hold the SMF16 position under SMCR. A formal
record of the assessment and decision should be maintained and must be retrievable.
Assessment of the CCO will be overseen by the CFL Board.
● Annual Certification Certified Persons): CFL must formally assess and certify the F&P of
all Certified Persons at least annually, issuing an F&P certificate.
● Ongoing Duty: SMFs and Certified Persons have a duty to promptly inform the Firm of any
changes that might impact their F&P status. The Firm will reassess F&P if relevant new
information emerges between annual checks.
● Record Keeping: All F&P assessments, supporting evidence, and decisions will be
documented and retained in accordance with FCA requirements, which is 6 years after the
end of the individualʼs employment.
3

2.4. SMF Handover Process
A robust and documented handover process is mandatory for all incoming and outgoing Senior
Management Functions (“SMFsˮ) to ensure the seamless transfer of responsibilities, preservation of
institutional knowledge, and the continued effective discharge of Prescribed and Overall Responsibilities.
The outgoing SMF is responsible for providing a comprehensive briefing to their successor, which must
include, at a minimum:
● a detailed overview of their Statement of Responsibilities and associated activities;
● key ongoing projects, risks, and regulatory obligations; significant open issues and remediation
plans;
● critical internal and external relationships; and relevant management information.
The incoming SMF is responsible for actively engaging in this process and satisfying themselves that
they have received sufficient information to assume their responsibilities. All handovers must be formally
documented, detailing the information shared and any agreed actions.
A copy of this handover documentation must be retained by the Compliance function SMF16 and be
available for review. This process is designed to support the firm's commitment to effective governance
and the individual SMF's Duty of Responsibility.
2.5. Code of Conduct and FCA Conduct Rules
CFL adopts the FCA Conduct Rules as a core component of its expectations for employee behaviour
which is further laid out in Block Code of Business Conduct and Ethics:
● Tier 1 Individual Conduct Rules): Apply to all employees except those in purely ancillary
roles with no connection to regulated activities.
○ Must act with integrity;
○ Must act with due skill, care and diligence;
○ Must be open and cooperative with the FCA, the Prudential Regulation Authority
PRA and other regulators;
○ Must pay due regard to the interests of customers and treat them fairly;
○ Must observe proper standards market conduct;
○ Must act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers;
● Tier 2 Senior Manager Conduct Rules): Apply in addition to Tier 1 rules for all SMFs:
○ Must take reasonable steps to ensure that the business of the firm for which Mre
responsible is controlled effectively;
○ Must take reasonable steps to ensure that the business of the firm for which they
are responsible complies with the relevant requirements and standards of the
regulatory system;
○ Must take reasonable steps to ensure that any delegation of their responsibilities is
to an appropriate person and that they oversee the discharge of the delegated
responsibility effectively;
4

○ Must disclose appropriately any information of which the FCA or PRA would
reasonably expect notice.
CFL will provide mandatory training to all relevant staff on the Conduct Rules applicable to their role
upon joining and on an ongoing (at least annual) basis. Training completion will be tracked. Failure to
comply with the Conduct Rules may result in disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal, and may
require notification to the FCA.
2.6. Certification Regime
CFL will maintain a list of roles identified as performing Certification Functions based on FCA definitions.
This list will be reviewed regularly (quarterly by the Board) and updated as needed.
As detailed in Section 2.3, all individuals in these roles will undergo an annual F&P assessment, leading
to the issuance (or refusal) of an annual certificate by the Firm.
CFL will ensure relevant information about Certified Persons is submitted accurately and promptly to the
FCA Directory.
2.7. Whistleblowing and Escalation
CFL is committed to fostering an environment where employees feel safe to raise concerns about
potential misconduct, including breaches of SMCR requirements or Conduct Rules.
The Firm maintains a separate Whistleblowing and Speak-up Policy and Procedure, accessible to all
staff, outlining confidential reporting channels and protections against detriment for whistleblowers.
Further detail can be found in the Block Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
Concerns relating to SMCR, Conduct Rules, or F&P should be escalated through line management, the
Compliance function SMF16, HR, or via the confidential whistleblowing channels. All reports will be
investigated appropriately, and findings will be reported to Senior Management and the Board as
necessary.
2.8. Regulatory Notifications
CFL will comply with all FCA notification requirements related to SMCR, including:
● Applications for SMF approval
● Submission of SoRs
● Changes to SMF responsibilities or personal details
● Notifications of disciplinary action taken due to Conduct Rule breaches against SMFs or
Certified Persons
● Annual submission regarding Conduct Rule breaches resulting in disciplinary action for other
staff
● Updates to the FCA Directory for Certified Persons and other relevant individuals
● Any other notifications required under SUP 15 or other relevant FCA modules.
5

The Compliance function SMF16 is responsible for overseeing and coordinating these notifications.
2.9. Record Keeping
CFL will maintain comprehensive records relating to its SMCR compliance, including:
● SMF SoRs and the Management Responsibilities Map.
● Records of F&P assessments (including checks and decisions).
● Issued F&P certificates for Certified Persons.
● Details of Certification Functions and role holders.
● Conduct Rules training logs.
● Records of Conduct Rule breaches and disciplinary actions taken.
● Copies of regulatory notifications made.
● Records will be retained for the minimum periods specified by the FCA.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● The Clearpay Finance Limited Board (“Boardˮ) - Holds ultimate responsibility for ensuring
CFL complies with its regulatory obligations, including SMCR. The Board approves this
policy and oversees its implementation.
● Senior Managers (“SMFsˮ) - Individually accountable to the FCA for their areas of
responsibility as defined in their SoRs. Must take reasonable steps to ensure the business
areas for which they are responsible are controlled effectively and comply with regulatory
requirements. Must adhere to the Duty of Responsibility towards the Firm and regulators.
Also responsible for cascading the culture of good conduct within their areas.
● Certified Persons - Must meet and maintain Fitness & Propriety standards, comply with
Conduct Rules, and undertake required training.
● All Employees Conduct Rules Staff) - Must understand and comply with the applicable
FCA Conduct Rules and report any potential breaches.
● Human Resources (“HRˮ) - Supports SMCR processes, including recruitment checks, F&P
assessments, training administration, and disciplinary procedures related to Conduct Rule
breaches.
● Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) - Owns this policy, oversees the SMCR framework
implementation, advises the Board and Senior Managers on SMCR matters, manages F&P
processes, oversees Conduct Rule training and monitoring, and handles relevant regulatory
reporting. The CCO is responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this
Policy. The CCO may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement
procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
● Counsel - The Companyʼs legal counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of the requirements of this Policy to the
Companyʼs business and operational activities.
6

3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board
and executive management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
CFL will ensure that SMFs and Certified Persons have the necessary skills and knowledge to perform
their roles competently, linking to the F&P requirements. Role-specific training, in addition to Conduct
Rules training, will be provided as appropriate. Competence will be assessed as part of the ongoing F&P
process and through the Firm's performance management framework. Further information can be found
in the Clearpay Training & Competence Standard.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request,
and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy
Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
7

4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Block Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
● Clearpay Whistleblowing and Speak-up Policy
● Clearpay Fitness & Propriety Standard
● Clearpay Training & Competence Standard
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Clearpay Clearpay Initial Approval New document March 23, 2026
Finance Limited Finance Limited
Board Board
Document Details:
Business Clearpay Finance Limited
Scope UK
Compliance Domain Governance
Document Owner Adrienne Lamond Clearpay Chief Compliance Officer
Approved By Clearpay Finance Limited Board
Document Tier Tier 2
8