Military Lending Act Policy
Afterpay US, Inc.
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 4
3. Purpose 5
4. Scope 5
5. Policy Requirements 5
5.1 Policy Statement 5
5.2 MLA Policy Requirements 5
6. Roles and Responsibilities 7
7. Document Management 8
7.1 Document Owner 8
7.2 Review and Approval 9
8. Training 9
9. Monitoring and Reporting 9
10. Exceptions 9
11. Record Retention 10
12. Related Documentation or References 10
13. Revision and Approval History 10
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking 10
13.2 Approval History 10
14. Document Details 11
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive
management.
Covered Borrower A consumer who, at the time the consumer becomes obligated on a
consumer credit transaction or establishes an account for consumer
credit, is a Covered Member of the armed forces or a Dependent of a
Covered Member.
Covered Member Covered members of the armed forces include members of the Army,
Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, or Coast Guard currently serving on active
duty under a call or order that does not specify a period of 30 days or
fewer, or such a member serving on Active Guard and Reserve duty.
Dependent With respect to a Covered Member, a Dependent means the Covered
Member's spouse, children under the age of 21, children under the age of
23 and enrolled in an accredited institution of higher learning who are
dependent on the Covered Member for over half of their support, or
children of any age incapable of self-support. Other relationships may
qualify as Dependents, and staff should consult compliance.
Active Service Also known as “active duty,” or “active status.” A person who is on active
duty is in the military full-time for a period of greater than 30 days. They
work for the military full-time, may live on a military base, and can be
deployed at any time. Such term includes full-time training duty, annual
training duty, and attendance, while in active military service, at a school
designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary of Defense.
2. Introduction
This Military Lending Act Policy (“Policy”) outlines the Afterpay US, Inc.’s (“Afterpay”) commitment to
comply with the Military Lending Act (“MLA”). Cash App’s Head of Compliance and/or their designee
is responsible for the management of this Policy.
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
3. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to demonstrate Afterpay’s adherence to the MLA, which provides
protections for covered borrowers in connection with consumer credit transactions. The MLA
establishes a maximum annual percentage rate of 36%, requires additional written and verbal
disclosures, and prohibits various contract terms for covered borrowers.
4. Scope
This Policy is established by Afterpay US, Inc.. This Policy is applicable to Afterpay’s Employees and
sets out the approach to MLA compliance. This Policy has been created to ensure that Afterpay and
relevant personnel are aware of and comply with expectations regarding MLA.
5. Policy Requirements
5.1 Policy Statement
Afterpay is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the MLA. The standards set out
in this Policy represent minimum requirements based on applicable legal and regulatory guidance
and apply throughout Afterpay’s operations. These requirements are intended to prevent Afterpay
and its Employees from violating applicable provisions of the MLA.
5.2 MLA Policy Requirements
● Military Annual Percentage Rate. All transactions covered by the MLA are subject to
the Military Annual Percentage Rate (“MAPR”). The MAPR is analogous to the Annual
Percentage Rate (“APR”) as defined in other consumer protection regulations in that
both are calculated in the same manner. Still, the MAPR differs from APR in that the
MAPR calculation must include certain fees and charges regardless of whether other
regulations require those fees or charges to be included in the APR calculation.
Specifically, the MAPR calculation must include the following charges:
○ Credit insurance premium or fees;
○ Debt cancellation or debt suspension fees;
○ Fees for ancillary products sold in connection with the credit transaction;
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Finance charges; and
○ Application fees.
In accordance with the MAPR cap provided by the MLA, Afterpay will not impose an
MAPR greater than 36 percent on a covered transaction to covered borrowers.
● MLA Notice and Disclosure Requirements. Afterpay will provide the appropriate
notice and disclosures to covered borrowers, including the following considerations:
○ Disclosures will be made clearly and conspicuously in writing and in a form the
covered borrower may keep;
○ Disclosures will contain a statement of the MAPR applicable to the extension of
consumer credit;
○ If the covered transaction disclosures are combined with other account
disclosures, it will be clear which disclosures are applicable to the covered
borrower’s account, including those disclosures related to the MAPR and the
total dollar amount of all charges included in the MAPR, and those disclosures
required by other regulations;
○ If oral disclosures are given, the MAPR, the payment obligation, and federal
notice will be provided orally before consummation;
○ A toll-free number will be provided with or on the written disclosures that
consumers may use to obtain oral disclosure, and oral disclosures are provided
when the covered borrower contacts Afterpay for that purpose; and
○ For renewal or refinancing of covered transactions, new disclosures will be
provided when the transaction would be considered a new transaction that
would require disclosure under other regulations.
● Prohibited Conduct. In accordance with MLA requirements, Afterpay will not condition
the extension of consumer credit to a covered borrower by requiring:
○ The covered borrower to waive their right to legal recourse under the
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act or any other state or federal law;
○ The use of a check or other method of access to a deposit, savings, or other
financial account maintained by the covered borrower, except that, in
connection with a consumer credit transaction with an MAPR consistent with
the regulation, Afterpay may, unless otherwise prohibited by law:
■ Require electronic fund transfer for repayment;
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
■ Require a direct deposit of the covered borrower’s salary, as a condition
of eligibility;
■ Take a security interest in funds deposited after extending credit in an
account established in connection with the transaction; or
■ The covered borrower to establish an allotment to repay the obligation.
Furthermore, Afterpay will not prohibit the covered borrower from prepaying
consumer credit and will not charge the covered borrower a prepayment penalty fee
for prepaying all or part of consumer credit. Afterpay will not renew, roll over, repay,
refinance, or consolidate any transaction with a covered borrower unless the
transaction results in more favorable terms to the covered borrower.
Additionally, Afterpay will not impose any onerous legal notice provisions in the case of
a dispute on a covered borrower, or demand unreasonable notice from the covered
borrower as a condition for legal action. Afterpay will not require a covered borrower to
submit to arbitration.
Afterpay may be subject to certain penalties if MLA is violated; including in certain
instances rendering the credit agreement void.
● Identifying Covered Borrowers. It is Afterpay’s policy to obtain safe harbor status by
performing the covered-borrower check with the safe harbor method as outlined in
the regulation. Specifically, Afterpay will verify covered borrower Active Service status
through information contained in a consumer report obtained from a nationwide
consumer reporting agency.
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay Board is responsible for approving the content of this Policy
Board of Directors and any substantive revisions thereto. Approval of non-substantive
(“Afterpay Board”) revisions is the responsibility of Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their
designee.
Cash App Head of Cash App’s Head of Compliance will provide assistance and support in
Compliance implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be
responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure
that Afterpay operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
Cash App’s Head of Compliance is responsible for monitoring and
reporting on compliance with this Policy. Cash App’s Head of
Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this Policy.
Product The Product Compliance Lead is the designated owner of this Policy and
Compliance Lead is responsible for: (i) serving as the subject matter expert for content
relevant to this Policy, (ii) developing the Policy to meet regulatory
expectations, (iii) ensuring regulatory risks are identified in
documentation, (iv) providing and communicating roles and
responsibilities to relevant stakeholders including business partners, (v)
liaising with relevant stakeholders to complete Policy updates, (vi)
conducting periodic review(s) of the Policy, and (vii) delegating and
overseeing business documentation requirements, as needed.
Employees Afterpay’s Employees are responsible for: (i) understanding and
complying with applicable laws and regulations for this Policy, (ii)
completing any required compliance training in a timely manner, and
(iii) promptly reporting actual or suspected violations of laws or other
requirements.
Legal Counsel Legal counsel provides approval and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding the applicability and application of requirements of this Policy.
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by Cash App’s Head of Compliance, or their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
The Afterpay Board will review and approve this Policy annually. In addition, any modifications to this
policy made outside the annual schedule will be reviewed and approved in accordance with the
Ad-Hoc Maintenance procedure outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
8. Training
Cash App’s Head of Compliance (or designee) will determine the compliance training needs for all
employees commensurate with job levels and responsibilities. All employees engaged in the activity
or performing services subject to the requirements of this Policy will receive the appropriate training
upon hire and periodically thereafter. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in Block, Inc.’s Compliance Training Program.
9. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the document owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities
to evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established
objectives.
Compliance will provide regular updates to the Afterpay Board. This reporting may include specific
information related to policies, programs, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues management,
training, and complaints.
10. Exceptions
The document owner and/or designee will have authority, upon consultation with Legal Counsel, to
approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or
exemption does not violate applicable law. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that Afterpay will
implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to Block, Inc.’s Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The
document owner and/or designee will inform Block, Inc.’s Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
11. Record Retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with Block, Inc.’s document retention
guidelines.
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
Related References:
Regulation Name Military Lending Act
13. Revision and Approval History
13.1 Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Charlie Honig Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… May 31, 2024
Counsel
13.2 Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial creation of May 31, 2024
Compliance policy
Lead
Afterpay Board Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial approval of June 12, 2024
policy
14. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Delegate Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date June 12, 2024
Effective Date June 12, 2024
Approved By Afterpay Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Military Lending Act Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11