Telephone Consumer Protection Act (“TCPAˮ)
Policy
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Oct 30, 2025
Effective Date: Oct 30, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Telephone Consumer Protection Act ("TCPA") Policy ("Policy")
outlines Block's obligations for adhering to the TCPA as it pertains to Block's operations. The TCPA
restricts and limits how Block ("Company") or a person or entity acting on behalf of Block can
contact telephone subscribers via facsimile, telephone, including artificial and prerecorded voice,
or message. In general, calls, messages, or facsimiles subject to the TCPA require the recipient's
consent. The type and nature of consent required depends on whether the call or text message is
placed for Telemarketing purposes or for "informational" purposes.
Block has chosen to adhere to certain provisions of the TCPA related to its communication
practices across its operations to ensure consistent Called Party protection even though Block
asserts that the TCPA may not apply to Blockʼs practices as a matter of law.
Block conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of
this Policy is to demonstrate the commitment of the Company to comply with the applicable
requirements of the TCPA. It has been created to ensure that Block and relevant personnel are
aware of and comply with any applicable obligations under the TCPA.
Scope: This Policy is established for Block, Inc. and is applicable to the Block, Inc. business and
related products and services. The only exception is Square Financial Services (“SFSˮ), Blockʼs
Utah state-chartered Industrial Bank federally regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, which has its own Compliance Program.
This Policy outlines the requirements for adhering to TCPA as they pertain to Block, Inc. and relevant
personnel. The TCPA restricts and limits how entities can contact Called Parties via facsimile,
telephone, including landline and wireless numbers, and text message. In general, calls, messages,
or facsimiles subject to the TCPA require the recipient’s consent.
1

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Advertisement Any material advertising the commercial
availability or quality of any property, good, or
service.
Automatic Telephone Dialing System ("ATDS") Equipment that has the capacity to store or
produce telephone numbers to be called, using
a random or sequential number generator, and
to dial such numbers.
Called Party The current subscriber or customary user of
the telephone number being contacted via
telephone, message, or facsimile.
Established Business Relationship For purposes of Telephone Solicitations, the
term means a prior or existing relationship
formed by a voluntary two-way communication
between a Block brand (e.g. Square, Cash
App, Afterpay, SFS, etc.) or a person or entity
acting on behalf of that Block brand and a
Called Party, with or without an exchange of
consideration, on the basis of the Called
Party's purchase or transaction with the Block
brand within the 18 months immediately
preceding the date of the telephone call, or on
the basis of the Called Party's inquiry or
application regarding products or services
offered by the Block brand within the three
months immediately preceding the date of the
call, which relationship has not been previously
terminated by either party. A Called Party's
presence on Block's Internal Do-Not-Call list
terminates the Established Business
Relationship for the purpose of telephone
solicitations. For purposes of facsimile
Advertisements, the term means a prior or
existing relationship formed by a voluntary
two-way communication between a Block
2

Terminology Definition
brand or a person or entity acting on behalf of
a Block brand and a Called Party, with or
without an exchange of consideration, on the
basis of an inquiry, application, purchase, or
transaction by the Called Party regarding
products offered by Block, which relationship
has not been previously terminated by either
party.
Prior Express Written Consent An agreement, in writing, bearing the signature
of the person called, that clearly authorizes a
Block brand to deliver or cause to be delivered
to the person called, Advertisements or
Telemarketing messages using an ATDS and/or
an artificial or prerecorded voice, and the
telephone number to which the signatory
authorizes such Advertisements or
Telemarketing messages to be delivered. The
written agreement must include a clear and
conspicuous disclosure informing the person
signing that: By executing the agreement, such
person authorizes the Block Brand to deliver or
cause to be delivered to the signatory,
telemarketing calls using an automatic
telephone dialing system or an artificial or
prerecorded voice; and the person is not
required to sign the agreement (directly or
indirectly), or agree to enter into such an
agreement as a condition of purchasing any
property, goods, or services. The "signature"
required for prior express written consent
includes an electronic or digital form of
signature, to the extent that such form of
signature is recognized as a valid signature
under applicable federal law or state contract
law.
Seller The person or entity on whose behalf a
telephone call or message is initiated for the
purpose of encouraging the purchase or rental
of, or investment in, property, goods, or
services, which is transmitted to any person.
3

Terminology Definition
Telemarketer The person or entity that initiates a telephone
call or message for the purpose of
encouraging the purchase or rental of, or
investment in, property, goods, or services,
which is transmitted to any person.
Telemarketing The initiation of a telephone call or message
for the purpose of encouraging the purchase
or rental of, or investment in, property, goods,
or services, which is transmitted to any person.
Telephone Facsimile Machine Equipment which has the capacity to
transcribe text or images, or both, from paper
into an electronic signal and to transmit that
signal over a regular telephone line, or to
transcribe text or images (or both) from an
electronic signal received over a regular
telephone line onto paper.
Telephone Solicitation The initiation of a telephone call or message
for the purpose of encouraging the purchase
or rental of, or investment in, property, goods,
or services, which is transmitted to any person.
The term does not include a call or message:
To any person with that person's prior express
permission; To any person with whom the
caller has an Established Business
Relationship; or By a tax-exempt nonprofit
organization.
Unsolicited Advertisement Any material advertising the commercial
availability or quality of any property, goods, or
services which are transmitted to any person
without that person's prior express invitation or
permission, in writing or otherwise.
2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1 General Requirements
This Policy outlines the requirements that govern when Block must obtain prior express consent or
prior express written consent before contacting Called Parties. The Policy also describes the
4

requirements for Block to evaluate whether a call or SMS can be made to a number that is
registered on a do-not-call ("DNC") list, and outlines the restrictions that apply to Advertisements
sent via facsimile.
2.2 Outbound Calls to Telephone Numbers
The use of an ATDS and/or artificial/prerecorded calls requires prior express consent or Prior
Express Written Consent depending on the purpose of the communication and the technology
used to initiate it. Therefore, Block must obtain either prior express consent or prior express
written consent as necessary before calling the Called Party for communications subject to the
TCPA. Exemptions to this requirement may exist and, if applicable, will be identified in subsequent
procedures.
2.3 Outbound Text Messages
Text messages, including internet-to-phone text messages, require the same type of consent as
that required for an equivalent call to a wireless phone number - Prior Express Written Consent for
Telemarketing texts and prior express consent for informational text messages. Therefore, Block
must obtain either Prior Express Written Consent or prior express consent as necessary before
sending such text messages subject to the TCPA. Exemptions to this requirement exist and if
applicable will be called out in subsequent procedures.
2.4 Revocation of Consent
Called Parties can revoke consent using any "reasonable" method, which includes oral or written
revocation. Block will not limit a Called Party's ability to revoke consent by requiring Called Parties
to use an exclusive means of revocation. Block will maintain a process to monitor for and honor all
Called Party revocations.
2.5 Timing of Telephone Solicitations
Block will not initiate any Telephone Solicitation to any residential telephone subscriber (landline)
or wireless telephone numbers before the hour of 8 a.m. or after 9 p.m. (local time at the Called
Party's location). If applicable local law provides a narrower time window for Telephone
Solicitations, Block will adhere to that time window.
2.6 National Do Not Call List
Block will comply with the TCPA's restrictions that apply to a Called Party that has registered his or
her telephone number on the national DNC registry. The TCPA prohibits Block from initiating
Telephone Solicitations to a residential telephone subscriber as well as any wireless telephone
subscriber who has registered his or her telephone number on the national DNC registry. This
restriction applies to all Telephone Solicitations. Block will honor national DNC registrations
indefinitely, or until the registration is canceled by the Called Party or the telephone number is
removed from the database.
5

Telephone Solicitation does not include calls or text messages made with the recipient's prior
express permission or to any person with whom the caller has an Established Business
Relationship with the Company, unless that person is on Block's Internal Do Not Call list.
2.7 Internal Do Not Call List
Block has implemented procedures for maintaining a list of residential telephone or wireless
subscribers who have made specific requests to the Company not to receive Telemarketing,
including: 1 a written procedure for maintaining a DNC list; 2 training personnel engaged in
Telemarketing about how to use and adhere to the Company's DNC list; 3 recording DNC
requests and honoring such requests within a reasonable time not to exceed 10 days; 4 meeting
certain requirements that identify the Sellers and Telemarketers on calls; and 5 continuing to
honor the request for five years from the time the request is made.
2.8 Established Business Relationship Exception
Block will monitor to ensure that a Called Party has not taken actions that would terminate the
Established Business Relationship and Block's ability to rely on this exception to the DNC call
restrictions. Even if a Called Party continues to do business with Block, an internal DNC request, as
discussed above, terminates an Established Business Relationship for purposes of Telemarketing
and Telephone Solicitations made to Called Parties on the DNC registry.
In addition, the Called Partyʼs Established Business Relationship with a Block brand does not
extend to affiliated entities unless the Called Party would reasonably expect them to be included
given the nature and type of services offered by the affiliate and the identity of the affiliate.
2.9 Artificial and Prerecorded Voice Messages
If the Company uses artificial or prerecorded voice messages, the Company will obtain prior
express consent or prior express written consent, as needed, and provide the relevant disclosures
required by the TCPA when the messages are used for Telemarketing calls and outbound
servicing/informational calls, including a mechanism to opt out of such calls.
2.10 ATDS Usage and Call Abandonment
Block does not currently use an ATDS. If Block does elect to use an ATDS or to treat its calling
system as an ATDS for compliance purposes, the Company will comply with TCPAʼs additional
requirements related to using an ATDS and not abandon more than three percent of all
Telemarketing calls that are answered live by a person, as measured over a 30-day period for a
single calling campaign. If a single calling campaign exceeds a 30-day period, the abandonment
rate shall be calculated separately for each successive 30-day period or portion thereof that such
a calling campaign continues.
2.11 Caller Identification
6

When engaged in Telemarketing, Block must transmit Caller ID information and is prohibited from
blocking Caller ID. In the event the Block conducts any Telemarketing, it is the Blockʼs policy to not
engage in any Caller ID spoofing.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Compliance Policy Committee (“CPCˮ):
○ Provides oversight and governance of applicable Compliance Policies and is
responsible for reviewing and and approving this policy annually to ensure
alignment with regulatory requirements and expectations
○ Providing guidance on significant policy matters
○ Ensuring consistency across Blockʼs Compliance Policy Framework
● Block Inc, Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ)
○ Provides assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the organization
○ Establishes appropriate practices designed to ensure Company operations reflect
Block's commitment to compliance
○ Ensures all Employees are aware of their compliance responsibilities
○ Monitors and reports on compliance with this Policy
○ May delegate responsibilities to relevant Senior Management or Compliance
Employees who inform and escalate key risks and issues to the CCO
● Head of Consumer Protection
○ Serves as the primary delegate for the CCO in matters relating to this Policy
○ Oversees the development and maintenance of compliance procedures
○ Coordinates policy reviews and updates
○ Manages the policy exception process
● Legal Counsel
○ Provides approval and interpretative advice regarding the applicability and
application of policy requirements
○ Reviews and approves policy exceptions
○ Ensures legal compliance across all jurisdictions
○ Provides guidance on complex compliance matters
● Employees
○ Understand and comply with all applicable requirements of this Policy
○ Complete required compliance training in a timely manner
○ Report actual or suspected violations of laws or other requirements
○ Follow proper procedures for email communications
○ Maintain awareness of updates and changes to requirements
Subsidiary Roles:
7

● Afterpay Board of Directors
○ Reviews and adopts this Policy following CPC approval
○ Oversees implementation within Afterpay
○ Receives regular reporting on compliance with this Policy
○ Reviews and approves material changes affecting Afterpay, as needed
● Subsidiary Compliance Leads
○ Implement policy requirements within their respective business units
○ Monitor day-to-day compliance activities
○ Manage training requirements for their business unit
○ Report issues or concerns to the CCO
○ Ensure brand-specific requirements are met while maintaining overall compliance
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy,
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive
management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
○ Policies and standards
○ Procedures
○ Audit/exam findings
○ Issues management
○ Training
○ Complaints
3.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement and comply with the Policy effectively. All training related activities are
monitored by the Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
○ Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
○ Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
8

Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
● Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy
Owner.
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Brian Kollm… Consumer Initial Appro… Attestation to Sep 29, 2025
Protection Document
Compliance Contents
Program Lead
Compliance Compliance Initial Appro… Approval of Oct 30, 2025
Policy Policy Committee up-leveled Block,
Committee Inc. Document to
include coverage
for Block, Inc. and
applicable
brands.
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope US
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Consumer Protection Compliance Program Lead
9

Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
10