Loan Loss and Charge-Off Policy
Cash App | US
Last Approved: Mar 25, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 25, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: As a service provider in the financial industry, it is the policy of Cash
App US (“Cash Appˮ) to develop, implement, and maintain this Loan Loss and Charge-Off Policy
(“Policyˮ) for its Credit Products Borrow, Pre-Purchase Financing, Retroactive Financing, and
Afterpay Pay Monthly).
The purpose of this Policy is to describe the terms under which Cash App will charge-off accounts
on its servicing platforms. Blockʼs Head of Underwriting & Credit and/or their designee is
responsible for the management of this Policy.
Cash App conducts business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of
this Policy is to document Cash Appʼs loan charge-off process in accordance with the Federal
Financial Institutions Examination Councilʼs (“FFIECˮ) Uniform Retail Credit Classification and
Account Management Policy, which establishes standards for the classification and treatment of
retail credit in financial institutions.
Scope: This Policy governs Cash Appʼs Credit Products and has been created to ensure that Cash
App and relevant Employees are aware and comply with the expectations of the Policy.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Account A continuing relationship established by a person with a financial institution or
creditor to obtain a product or service for personal, family, household, or
business purposes, including an extension of credit.
Charge-Off A determination that an uncollected Account balance is unlikely to be
collected. The determination to recharacterize the uncollected Account
balance as a charge-off does not discharge the amount of the debt owed by
the Account holder.
1

Covered An Account that is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes.
Account
Credit Products Covered Accounts consisting of Cash App’s lending products (Borrow,
Pre-Purchase Financing, Retroactive Financing, and Afterpay Pay Monthly)
unless otherwise noted.
Customer A consumer who is contractually obligated for repayment of an Account.
Employee Staff members, contractors, temporary workers, and executive management.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Charge-Off Guidelines
The following are guidelines for the timing and circumstances of charged-off Credit Products:
● Accounts originated on or after October 1, 2024 will be charged off no later than upon
becoming 90 cumulative days delinquent from the contractual due date. Accounts
originated before October 1, 2024 will be charged off no later than upon becoming 120
cumulative days delinquent from the contractual due date.
● Accounts in bankruptcy are charged off no later than 30 days from receipt of notification of
the filing of bankruptcy, unless there is clear demonstration and document that repayment
is likely to occur.
● Accounts that have been disputed by customers and identified as fraudulent are charged
off no later than 30 days of discovery or when loss is determined, whichever is shorter.
● Accounts of deceased persons are charged off no later than 30 days from receipt of
notification of the deceased status.
Actual credit losses on individual Credit Products should be recorded when Cash App becomes
aware of the loss, but in no case should the charge-off exceed the timeframes stated in this policy.
A loss is defined as an asset, or portion thereof, that is considered uncollectible, and of such little
value that continuance on the books is not warranted. A loss does not mean the asset has
absolutely no recovery of salvage value; rather, it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off
an essentially worthless asset, or portion thereof, even though partial recovery may occur in the
future.
When an Account is charged off, Cash App will place a note on the Account in the designated
system of record, and Cash App will maintain an appropriate charge-off coding system to ensure a
permanent record in its data systems.
2

2.2. Re-Age Guidelines
Cash App does not currently re-age any Credit Products.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Head of Underwriting:
○ The Head of Underwriting & Credit will provide assistance and support in
implementing this Policy across the organization and shall be responsible for
establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that Company operations
reflect the Companyʼs commitment to compliance and that all employees are aware
of that commitment and their individual responsibility.
● Counsel:
○ Legal counsel will provide interpretative advice and counsel regarding the
applicability and application of the requirements of this Policy to Cash Appʼs
business and operational activities.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
3

provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
N/A Cash App Creation Feb 2020
Lending
Compliance
Officer
Ben Gray Cash App Chief Initial Appro… Feb 8, 2022
Compliance
Officer
Sydney Nam Block Policy Immaterial C… Nov 26, 2022
Governance
Coordinator
Derek Kelley Cash Lending Scheduled R… Nov 28, 2022
Product
Compliance
Manager
Corey Cham… Product Immaterial C… Jul 26, 2024
Compliance Lead
4

Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Annual review, March 25, 2026
Policy Policy Committee updated
Committee document to new
template
Document Details:
Business Cash App
Scope US
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Product Compliance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
5