Commercial Telemarketing Policy
Square | Square Capital, LLC | Credit Card
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Square Capital, LLC, ("Square Capital" or "the Company") seeks to
comply with all requirements that stem from regulations that govern commercial lending activities.
This Commercial Telemarketing Policy ("Policy") was created and adopted with the sole focus on
Square Capital's commercial credit card program. The Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO") oversees
the development and implementation of this Policy and has delegated ownership of this Policy
document to the Square Head of Compliance.
This Policy is established by the Square Capital Team and is applicable to all commercial credit
products offered by Square Capital. All employees, fixed-term and contingent workers who
support the operations are covered by this Policy, and including interns, temporary workers,
consultants, vendors, third-party providers and contractors.
Square Capital conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The
purpose of this Policy is to further Square Capital's compliance with the Telephone Consumer
Protection Act ("TCPA"), the Truth In Caller ID Act, the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and
Abuse Prevention Act ("TCFAPA"), and Federal Trade Commission's ("FTC") Telemarketing Sales
Rule ("TSR") as applicable. Square Capital is fully committed to complying with these laws and
regulations and to upholding business requirements that do not run counter to their requirements.
Scope: This Policy applies to all outbound and inbound Telemarketing calls and texts from Square
Capital related to Square Capital's commercial lending programs. This also includes certain social
media posts and faxes of a marketing or sales nature.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Automatic Equipment which has the capacity to store or produce telephone numbers to
Telephone be called, using a random or sequential number generator, and to dial such
Dialing System numbers.

(“ATDSˮ) or Auto
Dialer The term can include smartphones, tablets, VoIP phones, calling apps,
texting apps, and phones that are not rotary-dialˮ.
Clear and A notice that would be apparent to the reasonable consumer, separate and
Conspicuous distinguishable from the advertising copy or other disclosures.
For facsimiles (faxes), in order to be considered "Clear and Conspicuous "
the notice must be placed at either the top or bottom of the facsimile.
Established A prior or existing relationship between Square Capital and a residential or
Business business subscriber based on the subscriberʼs purchase or transaction with
Relationship Square Capital within the 18 months immediately preceding the date of the
telephone call or on the basis of the subscriberʼs inquiry or application
regarding products or services offered by Square Capital within the three
months immediately preceding the date of the call, and neither party has
previously terminated the relationship.
An individual may reasonably expect that an affiliate is included in an
Established Business Relationship based on products offered or the identity
of the affiliate.
Material Information that is likely to affect a personʼs choice of, or conduct regarding,
Information goods or services or a charitable contribution.
Prior Express A written agreement, bearing the signature of the person that authorizes
Written Consent Square Capital to call the person regarding advertisements or telemarketing
(“PEWCˮ) and includes the telephone number to which the authorization is given. The
written agreement shall include a Clear and Conspicuous disclosure
informing the person signing that:
● By signing the agreement, such person authorizes Square Capital to
make telemarketing calls using an automatic telephone dialing
system or an artificial or prerecorded voice; and
● The person is not required to sign the agreement or enter into such
an agreement as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or
services.
The term “signatureˮ includes an electronic or digital form of signature, to the
extent that such form of signature is recognized as a valid signature under
applicable federal law or state contract law.
Telephone The initiation of a telephone call or message for the purpose of encouraging
Solicitation the purchase or rental of, or investment in, property, goods, or services,
which is transmitted to any person, but such term does not include a call or
message:
● to any person with that personʼs prior express invitation or
permission; or
● to any person with whom the caller has an Established Business
Relationship.
There are instances in which the protections and requirements of TCPA do
not apply to a Telephone Solicitation, given the existence of one of the above
exceptions. For questions about whether one of these enumerated
exceptions applies, please consult with the Testing and Monitoring Team

(“TMTˮ).
Unsolicited Any material advertising the commercial availability or quality of any
Advertisement property, goods, or services which is transmitted to any person without that
personʼs prior express invitation or permission, in writing or otherwise.
2. Square Capital, LLC Requirements
The TCPA was implemented by the Federal Communication Commission FCC Restrictions on
Telemarketing, Telephone Solicitation and Facsimile Advertising regulation FCC Rule) and addresses
the growing number of complaints pertaining to telephone marketing calls. The law protects the
privacy interests of residential telephone subscribers by placing certain restrictions on the use of
unsolicited phone calls made with automatic dialing services. Square Capital does not engage in
these types of phone calls. In addition to regulatory guidance on its applicability, the scope of the
TCPA includes mobile phones, SMS texts, marketing phone calls initiated by a person, and calls to
both consumers and commercial entities. Additionally, TCPA granted the FTC and the Federal
Communications Commission FCC the power to create a national do not call DNC list and related
DNC lists.
The TCFAPA, enforced through the FTC's TSR, prohibits certain Telemarketing practices, and
provides Consumers a right of privacy from unwanted Telemarketing calls. As enacted, the FCC Rule
and TSR also apply to sales calls to commercial entities. While the scope of the TSR is strictly
confined to interstate telemarketing activities as defined under the TSR, Square Capital will adhere to
the applicable provisions across all telemarketing activities.
All requirements named in this section apply to any person who engages in covered marketing
practices occurring via telephone, cell phone (call or text), social media post, or fax machine, except
where noted.
2.1. Sales Calls, Faxes, and Computer Communications
It is the policy of Square Capital to comply with all telemarketer requirements, including those
outlined by the TCPA, the TCFAPA, and the Truth In Caller ID Act. Accordingly, Square Capital, where
engaged in solicitation by telephone, will:
● Provide certain Material Information, in a clear and conspicuous manner, with each
telemarketing call prior to a personʼs consent to pay for goods or services offered over the
telephone. This includes the following:

○ The total costs to purchase, receive, or use the goods or services that are the
subject of the sales offer;
○ Any material restrictions, limitations, conditions to purchase, receive, use the
goods, or services that are the subject of the sales offer; or
○ Any material aspect of the performance, efficacy, nature, central characteristics of
goods or services that are the subject of a sales offer.
● Give certain prompt oral disclosures in a Clear and Conspicuous manner at the outset of
telemarketing calls including:
○ The identity of the seller;
○ That the purpose of the call is to sell goods or services; and
○ The nature of the goods or services being offered;
● Provide, in the event of upselling, the above oral disclosures where:
○ Any of the information is different from those in the initial disclosures; or
○ No disclosures were required based upon the initial reason for the call (i.e. a
non-sales customer service call);
● Not in any way misrepresent Material Information;
● Not engage in abusive calling practices including using threats, intimidation, profane or
obscene language;
● Not initiate telephone solicitation to any residential telephone number before the hour of 8
a.m. or after 9 p.m. local time at the called partyʼs location;
● Transmit caller identification information for every call covered by this Policy. Caller
identification information must include:
○ Either, the calling party number or the automatic numbering information; and
○ When available by the Telemarketerʼs carrier, the name of the Telemarketer.
○ It is permissible to substitute (for the name and phone number used, or billed for
making the call) the name of Square Capital and Square Capitalʼs customer service
telephone number. The telephone number provided must permit any individual to
make a do-not-call request during regular business hours. Square Capital is
prohibited from blocking the transmission of caller identification information.
● Not abandon more than three percent of all Telemarketing calls that are answered live by a
person, as measured over a 30–day period for a single calling campaign. If a single calling
campaign exceeds a 30–day period, the abandonment rate shall be calculated separately
for each successive 30–day period or portion thereof that such calling campaign
continues.
● Comply with DNC requirements. An individualʼs information must be screened against the
following lists before engaging in a marketing or solicitation communication to that
individual:
○ Square Capitalʼs DNC List;
○ The National DNC Registry, where the call recipientʼs Business Address is located in
California, Arizona, Nevada, or Utah; or
○ The Public Safety Answering Point (“PSAPˮ) Call Registry.
● Not deliver prerecorded or artificial voice messages to a residential or wireless line unless
appropriate prior consent PEC or PEWC, as applicable) is obtained in accordance with the
TCPA and FCC rules. Use for payment reminders still requires consent under these rules
unless the call qualifies for a statutory exemption (e.g., manually dialed, informational only,
not to wireless devices)..

● Comply with all applicable requirements regarding PEWC.
● Not use any fax machine, computer, or other device to send unsolicited advertising. If
Square Capital ever makes a business decision to begin conducting such activities under
the TCPA, appropriate policies and procedures must be implemented prior to launch.
● Not use an ATDS or Autodialer in contacting individuals. If Square Capital ever makes a
business decision to begin conducting such activities, appropriate policies and procedures
must be implemented prior to launch.
● Not engage in prize promotions, i.e., promotions where something of value is offered by
sweepstakes or other game of chance, including a promotion where an unspecified prize is
guaranteed. If Square Capital makes a business decision to begin conducting such
activities, appropriate policies and procedures must be implemented prior to launch.
2.2. Text Messaging
A text message sent to a wireless cell phone number is considered a call to that number. All
requirements of the law apply just as if a phone call was made. To obtain proper consent, Square
Capital must obtain from the customer before contact is made, either:
● Separate consents for text messages and phone calls; or
● A combined consent that explicitly covers text messages and phone calls
For purposes of this Policy, the term “signatureˮ in PEWC includes electronic or digital form of
signature consistent with ESIGN Act. By way of example, this consent may be obtained during the
customerʼs application process for a Square Capital commercial lending product.
2.3. Opt-Out
A customer may opt out of either or both sales calls and text messages at any time. In any instance
where it is reasonably unclear which communication method is being referenced in an opt out
request, the opt out will apply to both sales calls and text messages.
2.4. Exceptions
There are narrow exceptions permitting Telemarketers to contact an individual where the individual
has expressed interest in receiving Telemarketing communications from the business, despite being
on a valid DNC list. Square Capital is permitted to make outbound telephone calls to individuals with
a Business Address in California or Utah who have registered their number on the National DNC
Registry in the following scenario:
Express Written Agreement: Where Square Capital can demonstrate that the Company has Prior
Express Written Consent from the individual stating Square Capital may make Telemarketing calls to
that person, the following requirements must be met:

● Unambiguous, written agreement by the individual stating Square Capital may make
Telemarketing calls to that individual;
● Phone number must be a specific number, denoted by the individual;
● Signed by the individual; and
● Square Capital, in dialing the individual, does not use an ATDS or Autodialer and manually
enters the telephone number when calling the individual.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ)
○ The CCO will provide assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the
organization and shall be responsible for establishing appropriate practices
designed to ensure that Company operations reflect the Companyʼs commitment to
compliance and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.
○ The CCO is responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy.
The CCO delegates the responsibilities in this section to the Square Head of
Compliance along with the authority to adopt, develop and implement procedures
and reporting that support this Policy.
● Counsel
○ The Companyʼs legal counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding
the applicability and application of the requirements of this Policy to the Companyʼs
business and operational activities.
● Compliance Policy Committee
○ Reviews and adopts this policy on an annual basis.
● Head of Business Product Compliance and Partnerships or Lending Product Compliance
Lead as Designee
○ Owns this Policy document, reviews and approves requested exceptions.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints

3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Square Capital Compliance Management System Policy US
● Compliance Training Program Standard
● Compliance Policy on Policies
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.

Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Square Capital Square Capital Initial Appro… Initial Approval August 9, 2024
Board of Board of
Managers Managers
Square Capital Square Capital Immaterial C… Scheduled January 24, 2025
Board of Board of review; immaterial
Managers Managers change
Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Scheduled October 3, 2025
Policy Policy Committee review; minor
Committee immaterial
updates to
template and for
program clarity
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Lending Product Compliance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2