How to use this guide:
Speak Up Policy
Square | Squareup Europe Limited
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block Inc., (“Blockˮ) and
on a need-to-know basis.
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
2

Confidential
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 8
4. Policy Requirements 8
4.1 Protected Disclosure 8
4.2 What is Not a Protected Disclosure 9
5. Reporting a Concern 9
5.1 General Principles 9
5.2 Reporting Channels 10
5.3 Internal Reporting 11
5.4 Anonymous Report 12
5.5 Investigations 12
5.6 Disclosure to Prescribed Person External Reporting) 12
5.7 Other Obligations to Make a Report 13
6. Protection from Penalisation 14
7. False Reports 14
8. Record Keeping 14
9. Data Protection 15
10. Document Management 15
10.1 Document Owner 15
10.2 Review and Approval 15
11. Monitoring and Reporting 15
12. Exceptions 15
13. Record Retention 16
14. Related Documentation or References 16
15. Revision and Approval History 16
16. Document Details 17
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
3

Confidential
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Staff (also All Squareup Europe Limited (“SELˮ) workers, including current and former
referred as employees, officers, directors, consultants, independent contractors, trainees,
Employees) interns, work experience trainees, part-time and fixed-term workers, casual
and agency staff, volunteers and executive and non-executive directors of the
Board of SEL. This includes those who are in a recruitment or other
pre-contractual negotiation with SEL.
Whistleblowing / It is a disclosure of information which relates to suspected wrongdoing or
Speak Up dangers at work. This may include various issues such as criminal activity,
non-compliance with legal, professional, or regulatory obligations, instances of
injustice, threats to health and safety, environmental harm, potential bribery,
aiding tax evasion, financial misconduct, violation of internal policies including
codes of conduct, actions detrimental to reputation or financial stability,
unauthorised sharing of confidential data, negligence, workplace-specific
concerns, and the intentional concealment of any aforementioned matters.
Whistleblower / A person who raises a genuine concern relating to any of the issues listed as
Reporter whistleblowing above. Any concerns related to suspected wrongdoing or
danger affecting SELʼs activities (a whistleblowing concern) must be reported
under this Policy.
Designated The UK Head of Compliance and Money Laundering Reporting Officer
Person (“MLROˮ) is the Designated Person for the purposes of this Policy and, as
such, is responsible for responding to reports of matters or concerns under
this Policy.
Good Faith Reports made about potential or actual violations of Blockʼs Global Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics Code, SEL and Block Policy, or the law that are
sincere and honest.
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
4

Confidential
Protected A Protected Disclosure is a disclosure made by Staff of relevant information in
Disclosure accordance with law or this Policy, which in the Staffʼs reasonable belief, tends
to show one or more relevant wrongdoings.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
SELʼs Board of SELʼs Board is responsible for the effective operation of this Policy, and for
Directors (“the reviewing the effectiveness of actions taken in response to concerns raised
Boardˮ) under this Policy.
Whistleblowing This role is responsible for:
Officer / Speak - Receiving and handling whistleblowing cases.
Up Champion UK - Ensuring regular and appropriate training is provided to all managers and staff
Head of who may deal with concerns or investigations under this policy.
Compliance & - Responding to reports of matters or concerns under this Policy and is to be
MLRO / the Reporterʼs point of contact throughout the process.
Designated
Person Where the Reporter requests the report be made by way of physical meeting,
the Designated Person shall ensure, subject to the consent of the Reporter, that
complete and accurate records of the meeting are kept in a durable and
retrievable form. The Speak Up Champion is to remain in communication with
the Reporter as far as is reasonably possible, and will carry out a diligent
follow-up to the report.
SEL Employees/ SEL employees also referred as Staff are encouraged to report relevant
Staff information in relation to relevant wrongdoings, as quickly as possible after it
comes to their attention using internal reporting channels.
Staff must provide as much detail as possible including the times, dates,
sequence of events, locations and factual details of the matter or concern when
reporting a concern. Reports, whether made internally or externally by Staff,
should be made in good faith and based on reasonable belief in its truth.
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
5

Confidential
1. Introduction
This Speak Up Policy (“Policyˮ) outlines SELʼs approach to Protected Disclosures. SEL has a culture to
encourage staff to raise concerns of wrongdoing without fear of retaliation. Staff are to adhere to this
Policy along with Block, Inc.ʼs (“Blockˮ) Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “Codeˮ) if they
become aware of information which suggests that wrongdoing (as described below) may have happened
or may happen if steps are not taken to address it.
The UK Head of Compliance and MLRO is responsible for the management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
SEL is committed to maintaining the highest standards of honesty, openness and accountability and
recognises that all staff have an important role to play in achieving this goal. SEL strives to conduct its
business with honesty and with integrity at all times, and expects all staff to maintain high standards in
accordance with our Block, Inc.'s Block Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code").
However, all organisations face the risk of things going wrong from time to time, or of unknowingly
harbouring illegal or unethical conduct. A culture of openness and accountability is essential in order to
prevent such situations occurring and to address them when they do occur.
The main purpose of this policy is:
● To encourage staff to report suspected wrongdoing as soon as possible, in the knowledge that
their concerns will be taken seriously and investigated as appropriate, and that their
confidentiality will be respected;
● To provide staff with guidance as to how to raise those concerns; and
● To reassure staff that they should be able to raise genuine concerns without fear of reprisals,
even if they turn out to be mistaken.
3. Scope
This Policy is established by SEL and applies to all Staff, who acquire information in respect of a relevant
wrongdoing (as described in Section 4.1 below) in a work-related context.
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
6

Confidential
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Protected Disclosure
A Protected Disclosure is a disclosure made by staff of relevant information in accordance with law or this
Policy, which in the staffʼs reasonable belief, tends to show one or more relevant wrongdoings (as
explained below).
A "Relevant Wrongdoing" in relation to the workplace means that:
● An offence has been committed or is being or is likely to be committed;
● A person has failed, is failing or is likely to fail to comply with any legal obligation (other than an
obligation arising under the worker's contract of employment or contract of services);
● A miscarriage of justice has occurred, is occurring or is likely to occur;
● The health and safety of an individual has been, is or is likely to be endangered;
● The environment has been, is or is likely to be damaged;
● An unlawful or improper use of funds or resources of a public body or other public money has
occurred or is likely to occur;
● That a “Breachˮ has occurred- for the purpose of this Policy, a breach means a breach of the
laws governing the following matters (the below is a non-exhaustive list):
○ Financial services, products and markets, and prevention of money laundering and
terrorist financing;
○ Protection of privacy and personal data, and security of network and information
systems; and
○ Consumer protection.
● A Relevant wrongdoing also includes information tending to show that any of the above matters
has been, is being or is likely to be concealed or destroyed or an attempt has been, is being or
is likely to be made to conceal or destroy such information.
● A Relevant Wrongdoing can include a Relevant Wrongdoing that occurred, occurs or would
occur in the United Kingdom UK or anywhere else in the world.
4.2 What is Not a Protected Disclosure
Generally, a matter or a concern may not be a Protected Disclosure under this Policy if it is an
interpersonal grievance exclusively affecting Staff (for example, a complaint about bullying, or other type
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
7

Confidential
of personal dispute with a colleague or manager which concerns Staff exclusively) or relates to a Staff
member's individual contract of employment.
5. Reporting a Concern
5.1 General Principles
Staff are encouraged to report relevant information in relation to Relevant Wrongdoings as quickly as
possible to prevent escalation and to help SEL to contain and reverse any adverse consequences.
Staff must provide as much detail as possible including the times, dates, sequence of events, locations
and factual details of the matter or concern when reporting a concern.
SEL will keep confidential the identity of the Reporter and any third party mentioned in the report, to the
extent reasonably possible, consistent with the need to adequately investigate the information, and our
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
There are however limited circumstances where confidentiality cannot be maintained including for
example where:
● The person to whom the Protected Disclosure was made or referred shows that they took all
reasonable steps to avoid so disclosing any such information; or
● The person to whom the Protected Disclosure was made or referred reasonably believes that
staff are consenting to the disclosure of any such information; or
● The person to whom the Protected Disclosure was made or referred reasonably believes that
disclosing any such information is necessary for:
● The effective investigation of the Relevant Wrongdoing concerned; or
● The prevention of serious risk to the security of the State, public health, public safety
or the environment; or
● The disclosure is otherwise necessary in the public interest or is required by law.
In such instances, SEL will ensure that information is handled sensitively.
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
8

Confidential
5.2 Reporting Channels
Lead | Manager go/myprofile
Ethics Team ethics@
Human Resources go/myhrbp
Employee Relations erbp@
Legal employment-legal@
Ethics Line Online: ethics.block.xyz
Phone: 08081349521
Phone Outside the United Kingdom: visit ethics.block.xyz for local number
SMS 2029310958
5.3 Internal Reporting
Staff are strongly encouraged to report any matter or concern promptly after it comes to their attention in
a work-related context using the internal reporting channels.
SELʼs internal reporting channels operate in a secure manner that ensures the confidentiality of the
Reporter and anyone mentioned in the report. It is a protected reporting channel which prevents access by
anyone other than authorised persons.
SEL takes any allegation of violations, malpractice or breach of obligations very seriously, regardless of
who may have committed them. SEL has appointed its UK Head of Compliance and MLRO as the
Designated Person to respond to reports of matters or concerns under this Policy . The Designated Person
is impartial and is trained to respond to these reports. The Designated Person will be the Reporterʼs point
of contact throughout the process.
Reports may be made upon request by the Reporter by means of a physical meeting with the Designated
Person, within a reasonable period from the time the request was made. When such a request is made, the
Designated Person shall ensure, subject to the consent of the Reporter, that complete and accurate
records of the meeting are kept in a durable and retrievable form. The Designated Person may document
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
9

Confidential
the meeting by way of i) audio recording, or ii) accurate minute taking. Where the Reporter has disclosed
their identity, the Designated Person shall offer the Reporter the opportunity to check, verify and agree the
minutes of the meeting by signing them.
The Designated Person will remain in communication with the Reporter as far as is reasonably possible,
will follow up in relation to the concern and where necessary will ask staff for further information.
The Designated Person will carry out a diligent follow-up to the report which will include at least the
following ("Diligent Follow Up"):
● The Designated Person will carry out an initial assessment to establish if there is preliminary
evidence that a Relevant Wrongdoing may have occurred. If the Designated Person comes to
the conclusion that no preliminary evidence exists, the procedure will be closed or referred to
other applicable internal procedure mechanisms. Reporters will be notified in writing of the
decision and the reason for it as soon as possible.
● Where the Designated Person concludes that preliminary evidence exists of a Relevant
Wrongdoing, appropriate actions will be taken to address the wrongdoing, having regard to the
nature and seriousness of the matter.
● The Designated Person will maintain communication with the Reporter, will inform the Reporter
of how they propose to investigate the matter, and will keep the Reporter informed of actions,
where possible. However it is important to note that sometimes the need for confidentiality and
legal considerations may prevent the Designated Person from giving the Reporter specific
details of an investigation. The Designated Person will inform the Reporter of the likely time
scales in regard to the steps being taken where possible.
5.4 Anonymous Report
As outlined in the Code, Staff who prefer to remain anonymous may report their concerns anonymously by
visiting www.ethics.block.xyz or calling 08081349521.
There may be limitations on the progress of the investigation where a matter is reported anonymously. SEL
cannot guarantee that it can perform the Diligent Follow Up referred to above in response to anonymous
Reports.
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
10

Confidential
5.5 Investigations
Concerns that are reported to SEL will be reviewed timely and addressed as appropriate. Due to
considerations such as confidentiality and ensuring the integrity of investigations, SEL may not be able to
share the details of such investigations with the Reporter .
Subject to applicable laws, all Employees are required to cooperate with investigations and provide
complete, accurate and truthful information. Retaliating against someone who has made a report or
participated in an investigation in good faith is not tolerated.
5.6 Disclosure to Prescribed Person (External Reporting)
The aim of this Policy is to provide an avenue within the SEL workplace to deal with concerns or
disclosures in regard to a Relevant Wrongdoing. Most issues can be dealt with internally using this Policy
and/or the Code, and SEL strongly encourages staff to report such concerns internally. In most cases staff
should not find it necessary to alert anyone externally.
There may be circumstances where staff may consider making a disclosure externally. To that end, staff
may, in certain circumstances, make a disclosure to a “Prescribed Personˮ, such as:
● Financial Conduct Authority: contact details and method of reporting here;
● Government Whistleblowing website: contact details and methods of reporting here; or
● Independent Whistleblowing Charity: contact details abd methods of reporting here
Before making a disclosure to a Prescribed Person, staff must reasonably believe that the information staff
are disclosing and any allegations contained in the report are substantially true, and the report must fall
within the description of matters in respect for which the Prescribed Person or Comission has
responsibility.
Additionally, a disclosure may be made to an external third party other than a Prescribed Person or the
Commissioner where staff reasonably believe that the information disclosed and any allegations contained
in it are substantially true and one or more of the following applies:
1. Staff have previously made a disclosure of substantially the same information to SEL or a
Prescribed Person and no appropriate action was taken within a time period;
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
11

Confidential
2. Staff reasonably believe that the Relevant Wrongdoing concerned may constitute an imminent
or manifest danger to public interest, such as where there is an emergency situation or risk
of irreversible damage; or
3. Staff reasonably believe that there is a risk to them of penalisation or there is a low prospect of
the Relevant Wrongdoing being effectively addressed if the report is made to a Prescribed
Person.
5.7 Other Obligations to Make a Report
As a regulated entity, SEL has other obligations under various pieces of legislation to report contraventions
of financial services law to the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCAˮ). For the avoidance of doubt, this Policy
also applies in relation to disclosures of infringements concerning the obligations under;
● SYSC 18.3.1R whistleblowing handbook; and
● Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998.
6. Protection from Penalisation
It is understandable that whistleblowers are sometimes worried about possible repercussions. SEL aims to
encourage openness and must support staff who raise genuine concerns under this Policy, even if they
turn out to be mistaken.
As outlined in the Code, Block does not tolerate retaliation or penalisation in connection with the making
of a Protected Disclosure. Anyone found to have committed such retaliation or penalisation could face
disciplinary action up to and including dismissal.
If staff make a Protected Disclosure, they are protected from penalisation by reason of the making of the
Protected Disclosure. Penalisation includes, but is not limited to, to, suspension, lay-off, dismissal, and
other disciplinary action as well as demotion, discrimination or other forms of adverse treatment.
If a Reporter believes they are subject to penalisation as a result of making a disclosure under this
procedure, they should report the matter to their HRBP or make a report at www.ethics.block.xyz promptly.
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
12

Confidential
7. False Reports
Reports should be made in good faith and based on reasonable belief in truth. If staff knowingly or
carelessly make false allegations using this Policy, they may be subject to disciplinary action up to and
including dismissal. It is also potentially a criminal offence to make a false report.
8. Data Protection
Any processing of personal data pursuant to this Policy, including the exchange or transmission of
personal data must be carried out in accordance with applicable data protection law.
9. Document Management
10.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the UK Head of Compliance or their designee.
10.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in accordance
with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix as outlined in Blockʼs Compliance Policy on Policies.
10. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
11. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the
exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
13

Confidential
Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and
applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
12. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Blockʼs Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
13. Related Documentation or References
Related Program Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
14. Revision and Approval History
Version Approver Title Type Description Date
1.0 Sara Sayeed Regulatory Creation Created the November
Program policy 2023
Manager
1.0 vobrien@blo… UK Head of Initial Appr… March 2024
Compliance
and MLRO
1.0 SEL Board of Board Material Ch… April, 2024
Directors
2.0 Elizabeth He… UK Head of Scheduled … The policy has Feb 27, 2025
Compliance been converted
into the new
2.0 SEL Board of Board Scheduled … policy format Apr 10, 2025
Directors Approval which includes
definitions,
roles and
responsibilities,
and reference
to holding
physical
meetings with
the reporting
person, on
request.
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
14

Confidential
15. Document Details
Business Square
Scope Regional UK
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner UK Head of Compliance and MLRO
Last Approval Date Apr 10, 2025
Effective Date Apr 10, 2025
Approved By SEL Board
Document Review Schedule Annually March 2026
Speak Up Policy | Square | Squareup Europe Limited
15