Conduct Standards Policy
Square | Squareup International Limited
Last Approved: Mar 30, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 30, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Squareup International Limited (“SILˮ or “the Companyˮ) is authorised
by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “CBI ˮ) as an e-money institution (“EMoney Firmˮ) pursuant to
Regulation 9 of the European Communities Electronic Money) Regulations 2011 (as amended) (the
“EMoney Regulationsˮ). The Company was incorporated on 26 May 2016 under registration
number 583287 and was authorised as an EMoney Firm by the CBI on 18 June 2020 (with CBI
reference number: C184117.
The Central Bank Individual Accountability Framework) Act 2023 (the “Actˮ) provides for the
introduction of the Individual Accountability Framework (“IAFˮ), which is designed to:
● Improve governance, performance, and accountability in regulated firms by establishing a
framework of enhanced clarity as to who is responsible for what within these firms;
● Clarify the standards to be met by individuals holding these responsibilities;
● Promote the embedding of a culture of ethical compliance in regulated firms; and
● Achieve better outcomes for consumers and users of financial services and for the ongoing
functioning of the economy.
The four key areas covered by the Act are noted below and it is the first area, Conduct Standards
which is governed by this Policy:
● Conduct Standards, which set out the standards of behaviour the CBI expects of firms and
certain individuals working within them;
● A Senior Executive Accountability Regime (otherwise known as “SEARˮ) which ensures
clearer accountability by imposing obligations on in-scope firms and senior managers
within them to set out clearly where responsibility and decision-making lies for their
business. Currently this requirement does not apply to SIL;
● Enhancements to the Fitness & Probity F&P Regime; and
1

● Enhancements to CBIʼs Administrative Sanctions Procedure, including a key change
regarding the CBIʼs ability to take enforcement directly against individuals for breaches of
their obligations rather than only for their participation in breaches committed by a firm.
The Conduct Standards, as a key element of the IAF and guidance on the IAF (the “Guidanceˮ)
came into force in December 2023.
As a regulated EMoney Firm, the Company and individuals performing certain roles in and on
behalf of SIL, are subject to the Conduct Standards, and related provisions in the Act and the
Guidance. The purpose of this Conduct Standard Policy (“Policyˮ) is to facilitate the Companyʼs
compliance with these obligations. This Policy sets out the Conduct Standards that are applicable
to SIL and its Controlled Functions CFs and Pre-Approval Controlled Functions PCFs and the
related obligations under the Act and the Guidance. This Policy is an integral part of SILʼs internal
IAF, and promotes the integration of the Conduct Standards into the culture and conduct of the
affairs of SIL, in order to drive the right behaviours and standards in SIL.
This Policy should be read in conjunction with the Companyʼs Conduct Standards procedure, and
Fitness and Probity policy and procedures. The Companyʼs HR Business Partner can be contacted
to obtain a copy of any of these documents, if needed.
Scope: This Policy is established by SIL and is applicable to individuals that hold CFs or PCFs
within SIL and individuals that perform CF or PCF roles on behalf of SIL.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Controlled A CF is a function performed with respect to a regulated financial service
Functions provider, like Squareup International Limited (“SILˮ), which is prescribed by
(“CFsˮ) the CBIas a CF. A full list of CBI-prescribed CFs can be found here.
CF1 A CF1 is a type of controlled function that has the ability to exercise
significant influence on the conduct of a regulated financial services
providerʼs affairs.
Pre-Approval A PCF is a subset of CFs. PCFs are key roles within a firm and by virtue of
Controlled the nature of the role, require pre-approval from the CBI. A full list of PCFs
Functions can be found here on pages 129 - 130.
(“PCFsˮ)
Staff All SIL workers including current and former employees, officers, directors,
consultants, independent contractors, trainees, interns, work experience
trainees, part-time and fixed-term workers, casual and agency staff,
volunteers and executive and non-executive directors of the board of SIL.
This includes those who are in a recruitment or other pre-contractual
negotiation with SIL.
2

2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Conduct Standards
Introduction to the Conduct Standards
The Conduct Standards act as a benchmark to guide regulated firms and CFs and PCFs in those
firms, individually and collectively, as to the standards of behaviour expected of them. The Conduct
Standards are the basic standards that underpin the provision of financial services and the
relationships of trust that are central in this area.
Importantly, the Conduct Standards impose positive, enforceable legal obligations on CFs and PCFs
to act in accordance with a single set of standards of expected behaviour. That being said the
Conduct Standards reflect the sound values to which all Staff should already hold themselves.
The Conduct Standards are comprised of:
● The Common Conduct Standards, which apply to all CFs and PCFs;
● The Additional Conduct Standards, which apply to PCFs and CF1 only; and
● The Business Standards, which apply to SIL as an entity. These standards were developed
by the CBI in conjunction with the CBIʼs review of the Consumer Protection Code, which
comes into effect in March 2026. Please see SILʼs Consumer Protection Policy for more
details.
The Conduct Standards apply to CFs and PCFs that perform their role in Ireland or abroad, whether
or not the role is outsourced and the Conduct Standards are to be adhered to whether or not the
CF/PCF is dealing with customers based in Ireland or abroad.
Reasonable Steps
CFs and PCFs must take reasonable steps to discharge their responsibilities and duties under the
Conduct Standards. CFs and PCFs should consider what steps would be considered reasonable in
particular circumstances and whether they have taken such reasonable steps. Below are some of the
factors the CBI may consider when determining if an individual took such reasonable steps:
● The nature of SILʼs business, including its scale and complexity;
● The functions of the CF/PCF role, and the level of knowledge and experience that a person
with such functions could reasonably be expected to have (one such factor would be the
steps taken to ensure their awareness of key risks and developments, to include regulatory
developments, that may impact the area of business they are responsible for);
● The level of knowledge and experience of the person (this includes taking account of
learning curves if a person is moving into a different or more senior role);
● The existence and application (or otherwise) of—
○ appropriate and effective systems (including risk management systems, internal
control mechanisms and governance arrangements);
○ effective oversight of any delegation of responsibilities and effective safeguards
against any inappropriate delegation; and
3

○ appropriate and effective procedures for identifying and remedying problems.
● The extent to which any matter in the above bullet point was within the control or influence
of the person; and
● Any guidelines published by the CBI in this regard.
Discharging responsibilities and duties under the Conduct Standards should not be a tick box
exercise. CFs and PCFs are expected to be experienced, competent professionals and should be in a
position to:
● Fully understand the area of the business for which they are responsible;
● Fully understand their own responsibilities, the inherent responsibilities of their PCF role
and how they relate to the responsibilities of others in SIL;
● Fully understand risks and consequences of their decisions and actions and behaviours, on
SIL, its Staff, its customers and the wider market;
● Take the necessary steps required to ensure that the area of the business for which they
are responsible is managed appropriately e.g. by questioning/challenging, being thorough,
making informed decisions, delegating appropriately and being in a position to discharge
their duties;
● Satisfy themselves with the quality of any input provided by other Staff that is required for
them to carry out their responsibilities; and
● Understand their role in the effective running of the business more broadly, including their
obligations in relation to effective collective decision-making and seek to create and/or
contribute to an overall environment where the risk of a regulatory breach is minimised.
Please see the section on Collective Decision Making below, for more details.
Collective Decision Making
CFs and PCFs must be fully aware of matters for which they are collectively responsible, even if
other individuals are responsible for those specific areas, so that they can actively contribute to and
challenge relevant decisions. SIL Board members and other senior managers should also be familiar
with obligations that apply under the corporate governance framework and Companies Acts in
respect of their role and responsibilities in decision making at the firm.
To ensure that SILʼs collective decision making avoids barriers to effective decisions such as
groupthink, herd behaviour or domineering individuals, CFs and PCFs must exercise due care, skill
and diligence when partaking in collective decision making. This includes, for example CFs and
PCFs:
● Ensuring sufficient attention to and awareness of their own behaviour, cognitive biases of
participants and the group dynamics that influence the results;
● Providing input and constructive challenge, in such a way that recognises both the value
and limitations of their own knowledge, skills and experience;
● Contributing in an engaging and inclusive manner, and allowing for adequate debate and
review of the matter(s) at hand including consideration of any potential risks arising from
such a decision.
4

Common Conduct Standards
The Common Conduct Standards apply to CFs and PCFs. They set out the standards of behaviour
expected of CFs and PCFs, which are to:
● Act with honesty and integrity in carrying out their responsibilities. This includes:
○ Having regard to the legitimate interests of SIL, its Staff, its customers and other
persons with whom SIL engages;
○ Operating without bias and preventing or identifying and appropriately managing
conflicts of interest. Individuals must be cognisant that decision-making can be
affected by the cognitive biases of both individuals and groups. It is therefore
important for biases to be recognised and acknowledged and to have strategies to
counteract them e.g. by seeking out broader perspectives and contrarian views,
where possible. Ongoing and considered reflection is necessary to ensure that the
avoidance, identification and mitigating of conflicts is properly reviewed and
handled and that any conflict is fully declared in accordance with SILʼs Conflict of
Interest Policy;
○ Not exerting pressure or influence on customers affecting their ability to make an
informed choice in relation to any financial service;
○ Not misusing or misappropriating any assets or information of SIL or SILʼs
customers; and
○ Reporting appropriately, and not impeding others from reporting, to Leads or SILʼs
senior management:
■ information relevant to, or suspicions of any contravention of legal
obligations or standards imposed on SIL and
■ any matter otherwise adversely affecting the activities or interests of SILʼs
customers, SIL, its related undertakings, or the financial system in Ireland.
● Act with Due, Skill, Care and Diligence - This means CFs and PCFs are:
○ To act to the best of their ability and in a consistent manner to a standard that could
reasonably be expected from an individual in that role;
○ Not expected to exhibit in the performance of their role a greater degree of skill,
care and diligence than might reasonably be expected from an individual in that role
with the relevant qualifications, knowledge and experience;
○ To have a clear and comprehensive understanding of SILʼs business activities that
are relevant to their role and the specific responsibilities that are to be undertaken.
This includes, for example, having appropriate knowledge of the legal and
regulatory framework SIL operates in, SILʼs market, customer base, industry and the
associated impact on risks, relevant to the CFʼs/PCFʼs role;
○ To proactively keep themselves informed with regard to developments relevant to
their role/function, including for example changes in respect of the legal and
regulatory framework, the firmʼs market, customer base, industry and the
associated impact on risks by engaging in relevant training and maintaining
qualifications as required. A CF/PCF should have sufficient knowledge to explain an
issue and if not they should seek the relevant expertise on a timely basis;
○ To operate in compliance with SILʼs systems, processes, policies, procedures and
other controls. Individual compliance should go beyond ‘ticking the boxʼ and
5

individuals are to use their own initiative to act in a compliant manner rather than it
being driven by prompts and/or threats of punitive actions;
○ To act without detriment to SIL, SILʼs customers and the wider Irish financial
system. Where an individual considers a decision may not be in the best interests
of customers and following appropriate and effective challenge, they should take
appropriate follow-up action;
○ To ensure any communication, including any record, provided to a customer or
other person is clear, accurate, up to date and not misleading;
○ To act appropriately in any decision-making, including collective decision-making.
CFs and PCFs must ensure that all decisions are properly informed and that they
exercise sound judgement and appropriately contribute to collective decisions, for
example in Board and committee meetings, senior management meetings, steering
or project committees related to key business or regulatory initiatives. See section
on collective decision-making for more details;
○ Individuals should attend and actively contribute to relevant meetings and be
appropriately informed of the matters at hand; and
○ To monitor the performance of any delegated tasks on an ongoing basis, stay up to
date about issues or activities delegated and ensure that those tasks are
appropriately performed e.g. receive progress reports and where appropriate
challenge information received as well as progress made.
● Cooperate in Good faith and Without Delay with SIL Regulators to include the CBI
○ This standard does not represent a duty on any CF/PCF to proactively report or
disclose information. Instead, it is expected that CF/PCFs respond to requests,
disclose information, and attend meetings/ interviews, when required to do so by
the regulator, under financial services legislation, in a timely, co-operative and
transparent manner.
○ An individual should report any such information, by following SILʼs existing
processes for reporting information to the CBI i.e. via EU CCO, as CBIʼs point of
contact. Information should be provided in a prompt and unambiguous manner.
Providing information in a piecemeal or ambiguous manner could be considered as
an effort to conceal or evade the detection of information.
● Act in the Best Interests of Customers and Treat Them Fairly and Professionally - This
conduct standard applies to CF/PCFs regardless of whether they have direct contact or
dealings with customers. The focus of this standard is on the outcomes for customers and
the legitimate expectations of those customers. Complying with this standard means that
CFs and PCFs must ensure that:
○ Communication with customers is clear and comprehensible and does not impede
the provision of relevant information to customers. Relevant information should be
disclosed to the customer, in a way that seeks to inform the customer;
○ They act in the best interests of customers and treat them fairly including
acknowledging and seeking to resolve any customer complaints, resolving errors or
mistakes affecting customers, and disclose errors or mistakes to the customers
affected in a timely manner and pay attention to customer feedback which may
indicate problems which need to be addressed.
○ In respect of errors or issues arising, individuals should communicate all relevant
information to the appropriate individuals within SIL in a timely manner. If
6

responsible for resolving the error or issue, individuals should consider the root
cause(s), take the necessary action to remedy the root causes and determine
without delay the extent to which other customers may also be affected. It is
important for SIL and for individuals to act without having to wait for a complaint or
other prompt from a customer;
○ Communication with customers is done in a timely manner having regard to the
urgency of any matter and the time required by the customer to consider the
relevant information;
○ The needs and circumstances of customers, including their level of knowledge and
experience of financial services, their financial circumstances and the range of
options available to them are assessed, and ensuring that any advice or
recommendation provided to customers is appropriate and tailored to their needs
and circumstances; and
○ Customers are not misled as to the advantages of any financial service.
Additional Conduct Standards1
The additional conduct standards apply to PCF and CF1s. These standards do not apply to other CF
role holders.
PCFs and CF1s must take any steps, that are reasonable in the circumstances to take, to:
● Ensure that SILʼs Business for Which They are Responsible is Controlled Effectively -
This means PCFs and CF1s must:
○ Ensure that they fully understand and keep themselves properly informed as to the
area of the business for which they are responsible, seeking further briefings and
explanations to the extent necessary;
■ Certain PCFs/CF1s may have broader responsibilities and therefore should
ensure they have sufficient information and understanding of the matter(s)
at hand to participate effectively in collective decisions.
○ Rationally challenge and debate the matters including review of any risks involved
in the decision and take appropriate follow-up action where the outcome is not in
the best interest of the firm and its related stakeholders, including its customers;
○ In organising the area of business for which they are responsible, PCF/CF1 should
consider the Board approved plans and strategy and ensure it is appropriate for the
business and implement in an appropriately controlled way*;
○ Ensure the necessary framework is in place to effectively oversee and proactively
monitor, identify and rectify any weaknesses and ineffective systems and controls,
in areas for which they are responsible. Recommendations on system and control
improvements should be considered and implemented, where appropriate, in a
timely manner. In the event that a recommendation is not implemented, an
individual should have a documented rationale to support the course of action
adopted;
1 In the event that SIL avails of an outsourcing exemption under the F&P Standards, and the individual in the outsourced role
is therefore not a PCF, the individual will be subject to the Additional Conduct Standards to the extent that the individual is
identified as a CF1.
7

○ Ensure that the responsibilities, accountabilities and escalations and reporting of
lines of Staff are clearly defined and understood and appropriately allocated.
Particular attention should be given by the individual to ensure clear reporting
lines, authorisation levels and job descriptions/ responsibilities; clarity in the case
of ‘matrixʼ or dual reporting arrangements whether in Ireland or elsewhere within
Block; regular review of the appropriateness of responsibilities allocated; an open
and transparent communication environment is fostered at all levels of reporting
lines;
○ Ensure appropriate policies and procedures are in place for reviewing the
competence, knowledge, skills and performance of Staff and for assessing their
suitability to fulfil their duties. This includes not giving undue weight to a Staff
memberʼs contribution to SILʼs financial performance when considering the
suitability or continuing suitability of that Staff member for a particular role; and
○ Ensure a comprehensible and orderly transition of personnel changes e.g., having a
comprehensive set of guidance for the successor, holding transitional handover
meetings, addressing matters of relevance to performing the function, ensuring
compliance with regulatory requirements.
In organising the area of business for which the PCF/CF1 is responsible, the below should be
considered in each scenario:
Scenario Consideration
SIL takes a high-risk Assess the impact of the strategy on the firm and ensure that the
strategy proposed strategy is implemented in an appropriately controlled way.
SIL takes a high growth Assess the impact on SILʼs stakeholders, including its customers, of
strategy successful delivery of the strategy and that it is not at the expense of
adhering to regulatory requirements.
SIL is a strategy taker Identify and challenge any aspects of the overseas strategy that may
from an overseas parent not be compatible with SILʼs business and/or the regulatory and
company consumer protection framework SIL operates in.
● Ensure that the SIL Business for Which They are Responsible is Conducted in
Accordance with its Obligations Under Financial Services Legislation - PCFs/CF1s must
ensure, for the areas of business they are responsible:
○ PCFs/CF1s must ensure that areas of the business for which they are responsible
have appropriate and up to date operating policies and procedures with clear and
well-defined steps for complying with the detail of all of the relevant regulatory
requirements;
○ Compliance with relevant regulatory requirements is appropriately monitored and
that all Staff are aware of and understand the need for compliance. This includes
ensuring that: Staff are appropriately trained to enable them to fully understand the
8

business, evolving regulatory environment and requirements applicable to their
role; That prompt action is taken to independently investigate concerns with Staff
performance, in particular where these relate to regulatory compliance. While the
investigation is ongoing and prior to resolution of the issues arising, an interim plan
is to be put in place to mitigate any risks identified such that SIL and any relevant
stakeholders are protected from any performance deficiencies identified. The
relevant PCF/CF1 must be satisfied that the appropriate actions to resolve the
concerns are taken, and that weight is not given to a Staff memberʼs contribution to
SILʼs financial performance when considering the concerns around the Staff
memberʼs compliance with regulatory requirements;
○ That appropriate measures with respect to temporary appointments, which the
PCF/CF1 is responsible for overseeing, are established to avoid increased risk and
disruption to transitions and mitigate any risk to compliance with regulatory
requirements; and
○ That they are kept informed and up to date about actual or potential breaches of
relevant regulatory requirements. The relevant CF/PCF must ensure that the issue
is fully resolved in a timely and appropriate manner and steps are taken to mitigate
the risk of recurrence and that any wider lessons learnt are applied across SIL,
where required. A cost benefit analysis (“CBAˮ) may be conducted when assessing
any recommendations for improvements, however, a CBA cannot be the only factor
considered in driving an ultimate decision. In doing a CBA, firms need to be
conscious of the wider implications for customers, markets and corporate and
social responsibility.
● Ensure that Any Delegated Tasks are Assigned to an Appropriate Person with Effective
Oversight
○ Individuals may delegate management of the day to day business where
appropriate, and whilst retaining overall accountability for the business;
○ Activities should only be delegated where the accountable person is satisfied that
the delegate, has the competence, knowledge, seniority, skill and capacity to deal
with the tasks or activities being delegated; and
○ Such delegation should be appropriately arranged, managed and monitored
● Disclose Promptly to the CBI Any Information in Respect of SIL which the CBI Would
Reasonably Expect Notice, in an Open and Cooperative Manner
PCFs and CF1s must disclose any information relevant to, or giving rise to a suspicion or
expectation of, any of the following:
○ Commission of an offence, a prescribed contravention or any other breach of
obligations under financial services legislation by SIL or a relevant individual;
○ Concealment or deliberate destruction of evidence, provision of false or misleading
information, obstruction or impeding of a relevant investigation;
○ Commencement of legal proceedings by or against SIL arising from its obligations
under financial services legislation or which may impact on its ability to continue to
trade;
○ Anything that may otherwise interfere significantly with the operation of the SIL or
its compliance with its obligations under financial services legislation; and
9

○ A decision by SIL to cease to provide financial services of a particular description;
By virtue of their role, PCF/CF1s are expected to have access to information of potential regulatory
significance and to have the expertise to recognise when this is something which the CBI would
reasonably expect notice of. If in doubt as to what information requires disclosure to the CBI, the
PCF/CF1 must reach out to the EU CCO and EU Regulatory Counsel.
If the information to be disclosed to the CBI falls within the scope of the PCF/CF1ʼs responsibilities,
they should ensure that the EU CCO and EU Regulatory Counsel is made aware and that it is
promptly disclosed to the CBI. If a decision is made not to report the matter the PCF/CF1 must,
subject to any legal professional privilege considerations, be able to evidence that this decision was
made after reasonable enquiry and analysis of the situation.
If it does not reasonably fall within the scope of the PCF/CF1ʼs responsibilities, and the PCF/CF1
becomes aware of the information, they should obtain confirmation that the matter is being dealt
with by the individual who is responsible for its disclosure. If the PCF/CF1 is unsure whether it is
within the scope of their responsibility or whether the matter is being dealt with by another
individual, the PCF/CF1 must promptly make enquiries to clarify such responsibilities, rather than
disregard the matter.
2.2. Notification
SIL must integrate the Conduct Standards into its culture , which is done, in part, by notifying all SIL
CFs and PCFs of their respective Common Conduct and Additional Conduct Standards that are
relevant to them. This helps inform the CFs/PCFs of the standards and how they apply to them in
the performance of their individual roles.
Records must be maintained of these notifications and are to be kept for a minimum of 6 years after
that person has ceased to perform a controlled function.
2.3. Temporary Roles
The appointment of a temporary officer to a PCF role, is permitted in certain circumstances with
conditions. Temporary officers are CF1 and are subject to the Common and Additional Conduct
Standards.
Where an individual has been pre-approved as a PCF the Conduct Standards apply even where an
appointment is temporary. The temporary nature of the role and the particular circumstances will be
taken into account when considering what reasonable steps are expected of the individual.
2.4. Overlap and distinction between Conduct Standards and F&P
The IAF and F&P, both of which apply to CFs and PCFs are two aspects of one overall framework of
sound governance, with F&P being about suitability of individuals and the IAF about their ongoing
conduct.
The purpose of F&P and the Conduct Standards can be distinguished as follows:
10

● CF/PCFs must meet the F&P Standards to ensure that they are sufficiently skilled and have
the requisite integrity to be trusted in their roles;The F&P Standards are relevant to
assessing a CF/PCFʼs suitability prior to their appointment and on an ongoing basis while
performing the role; and
● The Conduct Standards govern the conduct of individuals in CF/PCF roles, and only apply
once the CF/PCF is in the role.
As there is a distinction between the two, where an individual is exempt from the F&P Standards, that
individual will be in scope for the Conduct Standards and may be held individually accountable for
their conduct and behaviour in the role.
2.5. Non Compliance
Breaches of the Common Conduct Standards and/or Additional Conduct Standards is a ‘prescribed
contraventionʼ and is directly enforceable by the CBI i.e. the CBI can, amongst other things, levy
sanctions (which may include monetary fines) against SILʼs PCFs/CFs who breach the Conduct
Standards. SIL and its CFs/PCFs must report suspicions of prescribed contraventions to the CBI. An
individual should report any such information, by following SILʼs existing processes for reporting
information to the CBI i.e. via EU Chief Compliance Officer, as CBIʼs point of contact.
A breach of the Conduct Standards may result in the individual not complying with the F&P
Standards, and in such instances SIL cannot permit that individual to perform, or continue to
perform, the PCF/CF role. Similarly, a breach of the F&P Standards may equate to a breach of the
Conduct Standards. Each breach will be determined based on the facts and circumstances of the
specific case.
SIL must consider how the failure to meet the Common Conduct Standards could be linked to
matters such as performance review and promotion in order that such standards become
meaningfully embedded in the culture of SIL.
2.6. Governance and Oversight
The firmʼs training program in relation to Conduct Standards should be subject to oversight and
challenge by senior management to ensure that the firmʼs training program adheres to IAF legislative
and regulatory requirements, is adequately embedded into the firmʼs day-today activities, including
the performance review process, and identifies areas of enhancement where required.
Senior management must ensure that it is provided with timely and effective management
information in relation to Conduct Standards training and that appropriate remediation action is taken
where required. The scale and level of detail contained in such reporting should be proportionate to
the nature, scale and complexity of the firm.
SIL must ensure that policies implementing the Conduct Standards are well communicated across
the business and SIL continually reviews its control framework and where gaps are identified take
the necessary steps to review, improve and update such policies where required. This review must
be subject to oversight and challenge by senior management.
11

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Individual CFs and PCFs:
○ Individual CFs and PCFs are responsible for adhering to the Conduct Standards and
notifying SILʼs HR Business Partner if they fail or suspect they will fail to adhere to
them.
○ CFs and PCFs must take reasonable steps to discharge their responsibilities and
duties under the Conduct Standards.
● SILʼs Board of Directors (“the Boardˮ):
○ The Board is ultimately responsible for SILʼs compliance with the Central Bank
Individual Accountability Framework) Act 2023 and related Guidance. However,
from an operational perspective, responsibility for the day-to-day implementation of
this Policy is delegated to certain individuals in the appropriate functions.
○ Directors are responsible for discharging their fiduciary duties under the
Companies Act 2014, which are complementary to the Common Conduct
Standards. This includes, taking part in meetings, preparing and reviewing papers
in advance of meetings, actively participating in collective decisions, constructively
challenging, engaging in consultation and reporting to the relevant body or
committee as required.
○ The Conduct Standards to be met by (independent) non-executive directors relate
purely to their non-executive, oversight functions and will be limited to what should
reasonably be expected of individuals in that context.
● SILʼs HR Business Partner (“HR Business Partnerˮ):
○ SILʼs HR Business Partner is responsible for executing SILʼs individual
accountability framework and related procedures and is to assist the Board in
relation to its compliance with the Central Bank Individual Accountability
Framework) Act 2023 and the related guidance.
● EU Regulatory Counsel:
○ The EU Regulatory Counsel is responsible for updating the Board and the HR
Business Partner as to any changes in law or guidance from the Central Bank of
Ireland in relation to the Central Bank Individual Accountability Framework) Act
2023, the related guidance and/or the individual accountability framework regime
on an ongoing basis.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
12

● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● SIL | Conflict of Interest Policy
● SIL | Consumer Protection Policy
● SIL | Fitness and Probity Policy
13

5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Danielle Car… EU Regulatory Creation Creation of policy Feb 10, 2024
Compliance
Officer
cathal@squ… EU Regulatory Initial Appro… Creation of policy Feb 27, 2024
Counsel
Elizabeth He… EU CCO Initial Appro… Creation of policy Feb 27, 2024
SIL Board Board of Initial Appro… Creation of policy Mar 25, 2024
Directors
Elizabeth He… EU CCO Scheduled R… Creation of policy Feb 27, 2025
SIL Board Board of Scheduled R… New template, no Mar 24, 2025
Directors other changes
Elizabeth He… EU CCO Scheduled R… New policy Feb 12, 2026
template;
Take account of
revised Fitness
and Probity
Guidance.
Changes include:
noting Temporary
Officers are CF1s
and that the
Common and
Additional
Conduct
Standards apply
to them; and
certain PCF roles
have inherent
responsibilities;
Take account of
revised Consumer
14

Protection Code.
Changes include:
incl. of Standards
for Business CPC
principles)
NA SIL Board Scheduled R… Mar 30, 2026
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner EU CCO
Approved By SIL Board
Document Tier Tier 2
15