Global Anti-Bribery &
Anti-Corruption Policy
Block
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 3
1. Introduction 4
2. Purpose 4
3. Scope 5
4. Policy Requirements 5
4.1 No Bribes 5
4.2 No Kickbacks 6
4.3 Act Ethically with All Government Officials 6
4.3.1 State-Owned Enterprises 7
4.3.2 Facilitation Payments 7
4.4 Maintain Accurate Records and Internal Controls 8
4.5 Inform Ethics@ of Extortion, Duress, or Imminent Harm 8
4.6 Ensure Ethical Use of Third Parties 8
4.7 Mergers and Acquisitions 10
4.8 Speak Up 11
5. Document Management 11
5.1 Document Owner 11
5.2 Review and Approval 11
6. Training 12
7. Monitoring and Reporting 12
8. Exceptions 12
9. Record Retention 12
10. Implementation Date and Transition Period 12
11. Related Documentation or References 13
12. Revision and Approval History 13
13. Document Details 13
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Bribery or Bribe Anything of value offered, given, or received, including any financial or
other advantage, in order to improperly influence a decision, action, or
exercise of discretion by a Government Official or commercial party.
Corruption Dishonest or fraudulent conduct, including the misuse or abuse of one’s
power, influence, or position for personal benefit. Some common types
include kickbacks, bribery, influence peddling, nepotism, handling the
proceeds of a crime, bid rigging, and extortion.
Facilitation Anything of value, typically a small payment or gift, offered or provided to
Payment a Government Official to facilitate or expedite routine clerical or
administrative, non‐ discretionary actions such as inspecting goods in
transit, issuing permits and/or licenses, processing visas or providing
police protection.
Government Also known as Public Official, a Government Official is any elected or
Official appointed officer, candidate for political office, employee, or other person
performing service on behalf of a government, government agency,
state‐owned or ‐controlled entity, military, political party, or public
international organization (e.g. United Nations). This definition includes
both U.S. and non‐U.S. Government Officials. Family members of
government officials and individuals working at the express or implied
direction of Government Officials, such as contractors, should be treated
as Government Officials.
Staff Includes all Block full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent
workers, including interns, consultants, vendors, third party providers,
and contractors.
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy (“Policy”) outlines Block, Inc.’s (“Block”) approach to
combating Bribery and Corruption risks within its business. Block’s Anti-Bribery and Corruption
Program Lead is responsible for the management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
Block’s mission requires it to act ethically and transparently everywhere it operates. Block does not
tolerate bribery or corruption of any sort.
Block, including members of its Board of Directors, officers, and staff, must maintain the highest
ethical standards of business conduct and comply with all applicable anti-corruption and
anti-bribery laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and the
U.K. Bribery Act, as well as the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws of the countries where Block is
doing business.
Block’s global policy with respect to bribery and corruption is based on four key principles:
● Do not offer, give, or accept bribes or improper payments, gratuities, or remuneration in
any form;
● Be ethical and transparent in interactions with Government Officials and third parties,
including pre-clearance of any gifts or entertainment with Government Officials at
go/disclose or ethics@;
● Speak up. Ask questions and escalate concerns regarding potential Bribery in connection
with any of Block’s business dealings; and
● Block will not retaliate against anyone who reports, in good faith, acts of actual or
suspected corruption.
Broken down, Block’s Policy is simple:
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Don’t offer or accept any bribe to or from anyone, anytime, for any reason.
Open and candid disclosure is essential to protect Block staff from corrupt actors. Involvement in
Bribery or Corruption can result in lasting damage to Block, its brand, reputation, and mission. It can
also result in termination of business relationships, costly investigations and litigation,
multi-million-dollar fines and penalties, as well as jail time for participants.
3. Scope
This Policy is established by Block and is applicable globally across all Block business lines,
subsidiaries, and jurisdictions.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 No Bribes
Block and its staff cannot offer, give, or accept Bribes from any individual, regardless of whether that
individual is a Government Official or a private party.
“Anything of value” includes cash, cash equivalents such as gift cards, gifts, cryptocurrencies, meals,
travel and entertainment, charitable or political contributions, loans or forgiveness of debt, and any
other benefits, including those of nominal value. It can include a promise, authorization, or
guarantee of something of value. Anything of value can also include job offers, consulting
opportunities, or internships for individuals or their family members. Block does not offer
employment of any kind, including paid or unpaid internships and contract positions, in order to
obtain or retain business or gain a business advantage.
Reasonable and customary business gifts, meals, and hospitality provided for a legitimate business
purpose may be permissible if they comply with applicable international and local anti-corruption
laws and are provided in accordance with Block policy. Please refer to Block’s Code of Business
Conduct & Ethics, Gift and Entertainment Policy, and Gifts Page for more details and guidance,
including thresholds.
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
If you are confronted with a demand to pay a Bribe, you must refuse. Explain that these types of
payments are against Block policy, and report the incident to the Compliance team at ethics@ or
use the Ethics Line at ethics.block.xyz.
4.2 No Kickbacks
Kickbacks are a type of Bribery and occur when a person is offered money or something of value in
exchange for providing something to a third party. The third party may be requesting sensitive or
non-public information, a discount, the award of a contract, preferential treatment, or a favor. Like all
other Bribes, kickbacks may be in the form of cash or the equivalent, gifts, meals, and entertainment.
Kickbacks are not permissible and are strictly prohibited by Block.
If you are confronted with a demand to pay a kickback or are offered a kickback, you must refuse.
Explain that these types of payments are against Block policy, and report the incident to the
Compliance team at ethics@ or use the Ethics Line at ethics.block.xyz.
4.3 Act Ethically with All Government Officials
Interactions with Government Officials pose a heightened risk to Block from a reputational and
compliance perspective. Block generally prohibits business gratuities involving Government Officials.
Any potential gifts, meals, entertainment, and travel including Government Officials must be
pre-cleared by the Compliance team via go/disclose, prior to an exchange occurring. “Government
Official” is defined broadly to include any person who is paid with government funds or serves in a
public function, as well as their family members. This includes individuals—both U.S. and
foreign—who work for a local, state/provincial or national government, First Nations, political party
officials or candidates, or a public international organization such as the United Nations, as well as
employees of public (government-owned or operated) schools, hospitals, and state-owned
enterprises.
In some instances, it may be difficult to determine if an individual is a Government Official, especially
if Block is interacting with them in a non-governmental capacity. Interactions regarding the
following subjects likely involve Government Officials:
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Negotiations/agreements/renewals with governmental agencies or bodies, state-owned
or state-controlled entities, including through a third party, such as a sales agent;
● Applying for or renewing licenses, permits, or public grants;
● Interactions with customs or immigration officials in connection with customs
clearance/payment of customs fees or processing visa applications;
● Representing the company in judicial or administrative proceedings;
● Security services provided by police or military personnel (even if off-duty); and
● Payment or refund of taxes and any tax-related disputes.
Failure to recognize and act appropriately with Government Officials can have substantial
consequences for Block and its staff . If you are unsure, please contact the Compliance team at
ethics@.
4.3.1 State-Owned Enterprises
Special care and consideration should be taken when dealing with state-owned enterprises. It may
not always be clear that a company is state-owned. Companies such as public universities, airlines,
manufacturing companies, banks, sovereign wealth funds, hospitals, telecoms, and others are
commonly partially or wholly owned by government entities. All employees of these organizations
are considered Government Officials regardless of title or position.
4.3.2 Facilitation Payments
Facilitation Payments, also known as “grease payments,” are typically a small payment or gift offered
or provided to a Government Official to expedite routine clerical or administrative, non‐discretionary
actions such as inspecting goods in transit, issuing permits and/or licenses, processing visas, or
providing police protection.
Block prohibits Facilitation Payments because they violate the anti‐corruption laws of most
countries and are often poorly documented; further, Facilitation Payments could also be considered
handling the proceeds of a crime.
If you are asked to pay a Facilitation Payment, you must refuse and immediately contact Block’s
Compliance team at ethics@ or use the Ethics Line at ethics.block.xyz.
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.4 Maintain Accurate Records and Internal Controls
Block is legally required to make and keep accurate records that truthfully and accurately reflect all
the transactions of the corporation and maintain an adequate system of internal controls. This
includes preserving supporting documentation and proper approvals.
The Company must take steps to ensure that all relevant records — including invoices, expense
reports, disposition of assets, and any other business record — accurately reflect the transaction.
Block staff must not misstate facts, omit information, or modify records or reports in any way. When
interacting with Government Officials or government agencies, staff must ensure that a thorough
description of the services being rendered is provided, including details of services provided and/or
tasks performed, government interactions, and detailed cost breakdowns. Simply providing a limited
or general description like “construction and project management,” “product certification,” or
“design fee” is not sufficient.
4.5 Inform Ethics@ of Extortion, Duress, or Imminent Harm
Corrupt individuals may use fear, intimidation, or violence to try to force others to pay them money
or follow their orders.
If someone threatens you or a colleague’s health or safety, you should take whatever action you
deem appropriate to ensure your safety. If a payment is made under those circumstances, you must
notify the Compliance team as soon as possible at ethics@ or by using the Ethics Line at
ethics.block.xyz, and document any transactions in accordance with the provisions of this Policy and
any other applicable Block policies and procedures.
4.6 Ensure Ethical Use of Third Parties
Block can be found responsible for Bribes, kickbacks, and/or Facilitating Payments made by third
parties in connection with Block’s business. Third parties also have an obligation to ensure that their
third parties, such as subcontractors, fourth parties, or agents, understand and comply with this
Policy and applicable anti-corruption laws. Third parties may not be used to circumvent anti-bribery
and corruption laws or this Policy.
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Before engaging a third party that will be interacting with Government Officials or governmental
entities on Block’s behalf, or any third party acting as an intermediary, all staff must contact ethics@
to evaluate the risks posed by the third-party relationship, whether there is a need to conduct
additional due diligence and/or ask the third party to sign a compliance certification, and what
compliance provisions may need to be included in the agreement with the third party. Please also
refer to the Global Procurement Policy, Global Third Party Risk Management Policy, and the Global
Signature Authority Policy for additional information.
Types of third parties that require consultation with Block’s Compliance team before the third party
is retained or provides any services for Block include, but are not limited to, consultants, sales
consultants and sales agents, companies used to secure and renew licenses and permits, visa
processing expeditors, and customs brokers.
Once the third party is retained, Block staff responsible for overseeing their scope of work should
make sure that the third party’s invoiced amounts are accurate and consistent with the
compensation set forth in the agreement, as well as ensuring the submitted invoice descriptions are
complete and provide sufficient detail about the services rendered. Any invoiced items pertaining to
gifts, entertainment, travel, lodging, cash, donations, charitable contributions, or similar benefits
provided by the third party to a Government Official, governmental entity, or any other commercial
party, on behalf of the company, must be reported immediately to Block’s Compliance team. Third
parties may not be used to circumvent Block’s policies related to gifts and entertainment.
The third party relationship must be monitored throughout its lifecycle. All Block staff should be on
the lookout for these, or similar, red flags when dealing with third parties, subcontractors, and other
affiliated fourth party entities. Staff must alert the Compliance team if they become aware of any of
the following:
● Rumors of, or a reputation for, bribery or improper conduct;
● The third party is based in, provides services in, or delivers services through a country with
a heightened corruption risk. This includes countries with a score below 60 on
Transparency International’s Corruption Perceptions Index. To be clear, the United States,
Canada, UK, Australia, Japan, France, and Germany are considered low risk;
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Minimal detail on invoices or expense claims involving interactions with Government
Officials or government agencies, including lump sum requests, fee advancement,
requests for large commissions or payments, or payments made through a third party or
another country;
● A close relationship with a Government Official or governmental entity, or insistence on
using a specific consultant or someone who does not appear to provide any added value;
● The third party is recommended by a Government Official;
● The third party seeks to use offshore accounts, companies, or structures;
● The third party uses consultants or representatives who are former Government Officials
or have close personal or family ties to Government Officials;
● The third party requests cash or advanced payments, or compensation that is not fair
market value or commensurate with the industry or country in which the services are
provided;
● The third party refuses to disclose its complete ownership or has undisclosed
sub-contractors who assist in its business;
● The third party, joint venture partner, or acquisition target is acting as an agent for
another principal, but is unwilling to provide information about the principal;
● The identity of the third party proves difficult to verify, or the third party attempts to make
or receive payments in a name other than their own;
● The third party communicates using unusual email addresses and off-channel
communications applications;
● The third party does not have the resources or staff to undertake the services required
under the proposed or actual agreement or in connection with its business; and
● The third party refuses to comply or certify compliance with applicable laws and,
specifically, the applicable anti-corruption laws.
4.7 Mergers and Acquisitions
The Compliance team plays a key role in the merger and acquisition (“M&A”) process for Block. The
Compliance Strategic Operations – Deal Desk team facilitates the compliance due diligence process
overall for Compliance and engages the Compliance team to execute due diligence focusing on
potential ethics and anti-bribery risks associated with M&A transactions. The Compliance team is also
included in the post-acquisition compliance integration process.
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.8 Speak Up
Block staff should consult with the Compliance team if there is a question as to the appropriateness
of a particular business decision or course of action. Anyone who learns of any misconduct or
suspicious activities, including potential violations of this Policy and the law, must immediately
report such misconduct to the Compliance team or by making a report—including anonymously—at
ethics.block.xyz.
Bribery and corruption offenses may constitute predicate offenses for money laundering. In
accordance with Block's legal obligations under relevant jurisdictional laws, any reasonable grounds
to suspect that a money laundering offense has occurred must be reported promptly. Staff are
required to adhere to the established reporting and escalation process, seeking guidance or
consultation as needed by escalating concerns directly to the Policy Owner. This process aligns with
Block’s commitment to transparency and compliance with applicable anti-money laundering
regulations.
Failure to report known or suspected violations is grounds for discipline, including employment
termination. All reports will be treated confidentially, and Block will promptly investigate them. Block
staff are expected to cooperate in any investigation of potential misconduct.
Block will not retaliate against anyone who, in good faith, seeks help regarding a Block business
matter or reports potential violations of company policy or law. Anyone who retaliates against an
individual who reported such suspected misconduct will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and
including employment termination.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Program Lead.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
6. Training
Block provides training on anti-bribery and corruption, including corruption red flags to all Staff and
directors on an annual basis. Additional in-depth training is also provided annually to Staff in select
roles across Block on a targeted risk basis.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee
will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Other Code of Business Conduct & Ethics | Block Inc.
Policy Block Global Gift and Entertainment Policy
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
11. Revision and Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
John Alfano Global Policy Initial App… Initial approval Jul 11, 2023
and Governance for document
Lead creation.
lgeurkink@squa… Global Ethics Initial App… Initial approval Jul 11, 2023
Lead for document
creation.
Sydney Nam Block Policy and Immateria… Revised Aug 28, 2023
Governance template.
Coordinator
Joshua Rusenko Global Scheduled… Annual review, Jan 2, 2025
Anti-Bribery and minor language
Anti-Corruption changes and
Program Lead re-alignment of
definitions and
John Alfano Head of Global Scheduled… guidance with Mar 7, 2025
related policies.
Compliance Policy Compliance Scheduled… Apr 1, 2025
Committee (CPC) Committee
12. Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Program Lead
Last Approval Date Apr 1, 2025
Effective Date Apr 1, 2025
Approved By Head of Global Policy & Governance
Document Review Schedule Annually [April]
Global Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy | Block
13