Global Modern Slavery Policy
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
At Block, we are committed to supporting the freedom, dignity, and well-being of all people
connected to our ecosystem. Respect for human rights is at the center of our culture and
operations. This commitment means we take action to foster equitable working places for our
employees and business partners, and eradicate the existence of involuntary labor and exploitation
in our business and extended supply chain.
Block strictly prohibits all forms of modern slavery in our operations. Our supply chain may include
business in jurisdictions or industries known to present a risk of human and labor exploitation.
Block must take proactive steps to ensure our operations do not cause, contribute to, or have links
to exploitation and modern slavery.
Modern slavery affects millions of victims worldwide and takes many forms across industries.
Means of compulsion can be violent and visible; they can also be subtle, as in the cases of debt
bondage, extortion, or seizure of travel documents. Below are the most common forms of Modern
Slavery covered by this Policy:
- Forced labor is any work or service extracted from a person without consent and under
threat of penalty. This includes some forms of state-imposed labor and criminal servitude
that involve punishment on the basis of political, social, religious, or ethnic identity.
- Child labor includes all uses, purchasing, or offering services of children for illicit or illegal
exploitation, both commercial and private.
- Debt bondage is the use of debt to secure labour or services below the fair value of that
labour or where debt cannot be repaid. Debt bondage commonly takes the form of steep
recruitment fees or transportation fees levied by employers that are never repaid.
- Sexual exploitation includes the use, procurement, or offering of forced sexual labor as
part of commercial exploitation, including all forms of commercial sexual exploitation of
children.
- Domestic servitude forces victims to reside inside of private homes, often without pay,
and are subject to compelled labor as well as limitations on mobility and communication.

- Human trafficking involves the recruitment, transportation, or harboring of individuals
through coercive means, and also falls under modern slavery for the purpose of
exploitation and profit.
Our commitment to combat modern slavery aligns with various international conventions,
principles, and standards, including the United Nationsʼ Universal Declaration of Human Rights, its
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (“GPBHRˮ), and the International Labour
Organizationʼs (“ILOˮ) core labor standards. These sources uphold the rights to life, liberty,
security, fair treatment at work, and direct all companies to eliminate any vestiges of forced labor,
child labor, and exploitation in respect of employment and occupation.
Scope: This Policy applies to Block, Inc., its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, “Blockˮ),
including all Reporting Subsidiaries.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Block Supplier Any third party involved in producing or delivering a product or service to
Block, from raw materials to end consumers. Block Suppliers include direct
and indirect suppliers, contractors, contingent workers, vendors, consulting
firms, staffing agencies, and licensees.
Staff Member(s) An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired by
the Company who supports the operations covered by this Policy.
Reporting Block subsidiaries that are subject to Modern Slavery Statement consultation
Subsidiary and reporting requirements under local laws, including Australiaʼs Modern
Slavery Act 2018, the U.K. Modern Slavery Act 2015, and Canadaʼs Fighting
Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act, SC 2023.
Criteria for Reporting Subsidiaries are specifically set forth under local
statute, and Officers and Directors of Reporting Subsidiaries may have
additional responsibilities as set forth by local laws for the evaluation and
reporting of modern slavery risk.

2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1. General
This Policy prohibits Block employees, contractors, officers, and directors from engaging in
business practices that cause, contribute to, or are tied to modern slavery. This includes indirect
activities of third parties that Block Staff knowingly engage with.
All Block Staff Members must:
● Maintain a safe, fair, and respectful workplace free from exploitation and harassment.
● Never cause, contribute to, or tolerate human rights violations or modern slavery abuses.
● Follow this Policy and other Block internal policies and procedures to identify, respond to,
and mitigate human rights and modern slavery risks in our operations.
● Speak up with any concerns including through our confidential Ethics Line
(https://ethics.block.xyz/), hotline, or directly with managers, HR, or the Modern Slavery
Policy Owner.
2.2. Examples of prohibited activities and red flags
Under this Policy, we do not engage in or align ourselves with the following practices:
● Using force, compulsion, or threat of harm in the performance of work.
● Engaging in conduct that restricts workerʼs freedom of movement or right to take
alternative work, including restricting access to worker passports, visas, and work permits
and mandatory overtime practices.
● Using child labor, which means hiring workers below the local legal minimum age for such
work, the age of completion of compulsory education, or 15 years old, whichever is greater.
● Use of bonded or indentured labor, including conditions where workers are charged
recruitment fees, placement fees, or other in-kind charges for employment.
● Retaliation of any kind against workers who raise grievances, report abuses, or participate
in workers unions.
Red flags and indicators include, but are not limited to:
● Any complaints by workers of abuse or exploitation.
● Frequent use of workers from vulnerable communities, including migrant workers who do
not know local languages or laws.
● Deceptive recruitment practices.
● Hiring workers without formal agreements.
● Social isolation of workforce.
● Fees and penalties levied against workers.
● Unclear responsibility for worker treatment (i.e., workers “employedˮ by third party).
● Heavy presence of security or third party agencies directing workers.
● Employer access to worker bank accounts or garnishing worker pay.
● Retention of worker documents or belongings.

● Use of workforce under “cultural improvementˮ or “rehabilitationˮ programs.
● Large transfers of workforce between locations.
Please contact the Policy Owner if you have any questions about the applicability of this Policy in
day to day operations.
2.3. Maintain ethical business relationships
Block expects Staff Members, Suppliers, and business partners to actively identify, prevent and
mitigate all forms of modern slavery in our extended operations. These expectations are
communicated through our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Supplier Code of Conduct,
among other Block policies and procedures.
Block reserves the right to terminate or refuse to enter into a business relationship that Block
determines has failed to meet Blockʼs requirements under this Policy.
2.4. Establish and maintain internal controls and procedures
Block will establish and maintain policies, procedures, controls, and systems reasonably designed
to ensure compliance with this Policy. Such controls may consist of specialized screening and
diligence procedures for direct and indirect suppliers, supplier risk tiering systems, transactional
review, contractual requirements, and ongoing monitoring activities including site visits.
2.5. Perform regular risk assessments
Block performs modern slavery risk assessments on a periodic basis to assess and prioritize
Blockʼs risks in relation to modern slavery practices. Risk assessment procedures and findings will
be documented and result in a detailed risk matrix that maps modern slavery risks to existing
policies and controls. Risk assessments under this section will conform with Blockʼs overarching
Enterprise Risk Management process.
2.6. Escalate grievances
Any potential violations of this Policy must be escalated to ensure prompt and timely investigation,
remediation, and reporting.
Block maintains clear and safe channels and resolution procedures that can be used by individuals,
workers, and other third parties around the globe to report concerns about modern slavery and
exploitation, including:
● Blockʼs Ethics Line (ethics.block.xyz or go/speakup).
● Blockʼs hotline, 18004639330, which is operated by an independent third party. If
outside the U.S., a list of local access numbers is available at ethics.block.xyz)
● Reporting directly to oneʼs manager, HR, or to the Policy Owner.

Reporters using our Ethics Line or telephone hotline may identify themselves or remain
anonymous. Block respects the confidentiality and anonymity of all concerns reported through
these channels.
Block investigates modern slavery concerns and issues in a timely, appropriate, and effective
manner. Where modern slavery is identified, Block is committed to taking meaningful action. Our
first priority is to ensure the safety and well-being of victims of modern slavery.
2.7. Annual Modern Slavery Statement
The Boards of Directors for Block and Reporting Subsidiaries will review Blockʼs modern slavery
risks and compliance under this Policy and formally approve Blockʼs annual Modern Slavery
Statement (“Statementˮ) as required by laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which Block
operates. These requirements may include mandatory consultation with entities owned or
controlled by Reporting Entities.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Block and Reporting Subsidiary Board and Executive Oversight
○ Provides consultation and approval for the annual Modern Slavery Statement, to the
extent required under applicable local laws. May receive updates on compliance
with this Policy.
● Compliance Leads or Leadership
○ Assists in coordinating, managing, and monitoring this Policy and Blockʼs
anti-modern slavery efforts, regularly review the Policy for material changes, and
ensure employee awareness.
● Procurement
○ Ensures performance of risk-based screening and onboarding for indirect suppliers
across all brands and regions, including collection of Modern Slavery due diligence
questionnaires from indirect suppliers meeting appropriate risk criteria.
● Employee Relations
○ Ensures company hiring practices, labor conditions, and internal policies align with
the Policy.
○ Monitors employee well-being and labor law compliance in all offices and facilities.
● Hardware
○ Ensures performance of direct supplier screening and onboarding, including
conducting site visits with hardware suppliers and liaising with local management in
various countries to enforce standards and report any issues.
○ Implements safe working practices and labor standards in Block-owned or operated
facilities associated with hardware manufacturing.
○ Monitors ongoing hardware supplier risk through use of internal and third party
tools

3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
The Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor activities on an ongoing basis for compliance
with this Policy and related standards, and may provide regular updates to Compliance Leadership,
Board of Directors for Block, Inc. and/or Reporting Subsidiaries, and executive management.
Relevant reporting from the Policy Owner and/or designee may cover specific information related
to modern slavery, including but not limited to:
● Changes to external modern slavery laws and regulations, or internal policies and
standards
● Risks of modern slavery in Blockʼs operations
● The effectiveness of Blockʼs policies and activities to reduce modern slavery risks
● Grievances raised to Block involving potential modern slavery concerns
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program. Specialized training will be
provided for staff in high-risk roles or locations including procurement, hardware, marketing, and
facilities.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.

4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
● Block Supplier Code of Conduct
● Block Hardware Supplier Code of Conduct
● Block Modern Slavery Statement
● Block Global Speak-Up Policy
Related legal references:
● UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (GPBHR)
● International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention No. 29 Forced or Compulsory Labour)
and Convention No. 105 Abolition of Forced Labor)
● UK Modern Slavery Act 2015
● Australia Modern Slavery Act 2018
● Canada's Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act 2023
● California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Joshua Ruse… Policy Owner / Creation Initial approval for August 20, 2025
Anti-Bribery and document
Corruption Lead creation
(“ABAC Leadˮ)
Compliance Compliance Initial Appro… Initial approval for October 3, 2025
Policy Policy Committee new document
Committee
CPC

Document Details:
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner Anti-Bribery and Corruption Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee CPC
Document Tier Tier 2