Communications Requirements Standard
Cash App | Cash App Investing
Last Approved: August 22, 2025
Effective Date: August 22, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Cash App Investing Communications Requirements Standard
("Standard") outlines Cash App Investing's approach to acceptable communications practices for
Block employees. Cash App Investing conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws
and regulations. The purpose of this Standard is to outline Cash App Investing's communications
requirements. The Chief Compliance Officer for Cash App Investing, or their designee, is
responsible for management of this Standard.
Note: For any inquiries regarding what may be considered investing-related, Cash App Investing
Compliance can be contacted by email (comms@cashappinvest.com) or Slack at #comms-policy.
Scope: This Standard is established by Cash App Investing and is applicable to Block employees.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Investing-related All communications relating to Cash App Investing LLC's ("CAI" or
communication "Cash App Investing") stocks and exchange-traded funds
("ETFs") services are considered "investing-related". Examples
include communications regarding troubleshooting a stock-related
bug, discussing investing advertising and designing an investing
screen for the app. Conversely, communications that are not
related to CAI or CAI's services are excluded. Examples include
human resources queries, information technology support
requests, anything 100% bitcoin related, Employee Stock
Purchase Plan questions, Jack Dorsey's "Ask Me Anything"
channel, or other communications unrelated to CAI services.
Employees Employees refer to all Block employees and fixed-term and
contingent workers who support the operations and/or

subsidiaries covered by these Standard, and include interns,
temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers,
and contractors.
2. Program Requirements
2.1 Approved and Forbidden Platforms
2.1.1 Instant Messaging
Employees are only permitted to use a Slack Investing workspace account to communicate, or
must communicate in a direct message ("DM") or channel that is connected to the Slack Investing
workspace.
The use of Cash App or other Block workspaces (e.g. Square, Block, Tidal) is strictly prohibited
unless the communication occurs in a DM or channel where at least one Slack Investing account is
connected. For more information, please refer to the How to be Compliant with Slack section
below.
Text messaging, iMessages, Google Chat, Google Meet Chat, Discord, Signal, Messenger, WeChat,
WhatsApp, QQ, Youni, ICQ, Skype, Signal, Wickr, Confide, and any other messaging platform are
prohibited.
Employees may use a prohibited platform to direct the recipient to an approved platform but must
not include any details that are investing-related in the message. For example, a Slack message
may be sent that says:
"I need to discuss something with you. I have invited you to a channel on another workspace,
please check your email for the invite."
2.1.2 Slack
Employees who regularly communicate about Investing are required to have a Slack Investing
account. There are several options for Employees who do not regularly communicate about
Investing to use Slack in a compliant way. Refer to Appendix A for instructions on how to use Slack
with and without an Investing account.
2.1.3 Email
The sender or at least one of the recipients must be a @cashappinvest.com address. For example,
if all participants have only an @block.xyz email address, this would be prohibited. The use of any
personal email addresses is strictly prohibited.
If no party to the email has a @cashappinvest.com email address, Cash App Investing Compliance
(comms@cashappinvest.com) must be contacted before sending the email.
Requesting an @cashappinvest.com Address:
Employees are required to obtain a @cashappinvest.com email address if they regularly send or

receive investing-related emails. Cash App Investing Compliance (comms@cashappinvest.com)
must be contacted if an @cashappinvest.com address is required.
2.2 Reporting Communications on Forbidden Platforms
If a Staff Member has communicated on forbidden platforms they are required to follow the steps
below to capture the communications and ensure they are reported to Compliance. If there are a
large number of messages and following the steps below would be overly burdensome, Cash App
Investing Compliance (comms@cashappinvest.com) must be contacted to determine if there are
other technical solutions available to capture the communications.
The required process for reporting communications on forbidden platforms:
● Take a screenshot of the messages that have been received or sent; Ensure that each
screenshot captures the date and time of each message, message contents and message
participants. If only relative dates show like "Today," include the current date and time from
the computer's clock.
● Download all attachments (if applicable).
● Send an email with the screenshots and attachments (if applicable) to
comms@cashappinvest.com. Use go/SendSafely for large or sensitive documents.
● Keep all messages, screenshots, and attachments until further instructions are provided.
2.3 Physical Communication Requirements
If physical mail is received, Front Office Operations (front-office-operations@cashappinvest.com)
must be contacted as soon as possible. Brokerage Operations employees should follow
established procedures for sending and receiving physical mail.
If planning to produce and/or distribute physical communications such as banners, posters,
physical letters, brochures, etc., pre-approval is required and must be obtained from Cash App
Investing Compliance (comms@cashappinvest.com).
2.4 Public Appearance Requirements
Prior to participating in an investing-related public appearance such as a seminar, forum, radio, or
television interview, Employees must contact Cash App Investing Compliance
(comms@cashappinvest.com). This applies to any appearance intended for retail or institutional
investors. Investors including customers, prospective customers, and the general public at large.
A public appearance does not include a private Google Meet meeting with a vendor or potential
vendor. It would, however, include a live research interview with customers or prospective
customers.
Unless otherwise stated by the Compliance team, there is no obligation to record the video and/or
audio of a public appearance. If a recording is made, the Cash App Investing Compliance
(comms@cashappinvest.com) must be contacted with a go/sendsafely link to the recording.

2.5 Social Media Pre-Approval Requirements
Employees are strictly prohibited from publicly communicating anything relating to CAI's services
online, including activity on social media unless they have received pre-approval.
The only activity permitted is posting resume information on a website such as LinkedIn, as long as
there is no promotional content.
For example, listing the services and products of Cash App Investing on a LinkedIn profile is
forbidden, as it could be misconstrued as a communication relating to Cash App Investing's
services and products.
In general, Employees are permitted to re-post an employment opportunity as long as the content
does not promote the products or services of Cash App Investing.
Discussing any investing-related topics online that are unethical or illegal in nature is forbidden.
For example, Employees are forbidden from promoting a stock online. Cash App Investing
Compliance also generally does not advise that Employees discuss any investing-related topics
online.
For example, Employees may not:
● Submit a comment on an online newspaper article stating that "Cash App's round-ups for
stocks really helped me."
● Post a Cash App screenshot of great stock returns on a Snapchat story.
● Post a blog article where an explanation for how an engineering problem was solved
relating to an investing feature on Cash App.
● Post on Reddit that Cash App's investing feature is the easiest to use.
● Respond to a journalist and provide a quote about a new investing feature.
It is to be noted that this is not an exhaustive list. If an Employee is unsure about the
communication related to any investing-related topics, they must contact Cash App Investing
Compliance (comms@cashappinvest.com) to obtain the required pre-approval.
2.6 General Prohibition on Communicating with Customers
Employees are prohibited from sending investing-related communications to customers,
prospective customers, or members of the public unless it has been pre-approved by the
Compliance team or are a member of the Front Office Brokerage Operations team.
Employee cooperation is paramount to maintaining compliance with industry rules and regulations.
If there are any questions about the requirements listed in this document, Cash App Investing
Compliance must be contacted by email (comms@cashappinvest.com) or Slack at #comms-policy.

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● Cash App Investing Chief Compliance Officer ("CAI CCO"): The CAI CCO or their
designee will provide assistance and support in implementing this Program across the
organization and shall be responsible for establishing appropriate practices designed to
ensure that Company operations reflect the Company's commitment to compliance and
that all employees are aware of that commitment and their individual responsibility. The CAI
CCO is responsible for monitoring compliance with this Standard. The CAI CCO may
delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and
reporting that support this Standard.
● Front Office Brokerage Operations: Front Office Brokerage Operations provides
customer-facing service to Cash App Investing customers as well as support for CAI
processes and procedures that relate to the customer experience with the Cash App
Investing product.
● Cash App Investing Compliance: Cash App Investing Compliance is responsible for
supporting the Cash App Investing product and its status as a regulated entity under
Securities Industry laws, rules, and/or regulations.
● Brokerage Operations: Brokerage Operations is the collection of Cash App Investing teams
that support the maintenance of Cash App Investing customer accounts, customer trading
activity, and customer-facing communications.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3 Training
All Employees will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Standard effectively. Training requirements are outlined in Cash App Investing's
Written Supervisory Procedures.

3.4 Record Retention
Cash App Investing will maintain records of these Standard in accordance with US securities
industry rules and regulations.
3.5 Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
these Standard. Standard exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for
a request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate
risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Cash App Investing Chief Compliance Officer or their designee. The Standard
Owner and/or designee will inform Cash App Investing Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Cash App Investing Written Supervisory Procedures
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis by the CAI CCO or their designee, in accordance with the Compliance Document
Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Andrew Nerys Compliance Creation Creation of May 24, 2023
Analyst document. Note:
this document is
an updated
version of the
historical
document,

Approver Title Type Description Date
formatted to be
in Cash
App-approved
template style.
Ashley Adkins CAI Chief Initial Approval Approval of Nov 18, 2024
Compliance Document
Officer
Ashley Adkins CAI Chief Immaterial Template related Mar 18, 2025
Compliance Change Approval updates
Officer
Ashley Adkins CAI Chief Immaterial Updates to August 22, 2025
Compliance Change Approval application
Officer access
processes.
Document Details:
Business Cash App Investing
Scope Regional US
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Cash App Investing Compliance Program Manager
Approved By Cash App Investing Chief Compliance Officer
Document Tier Tier 3

Appendix A
How to be Compliant with Slack
Employees who regularly communicate about Investing must have a Slack Investing account.
Employees who do not regularly communicate about Investing should refer to Case 2 (described
below) for instructions on how to use Slack in a compliant way without an Investing account.
Case 1 – Employee With a Slack Investing Account
If an Employee possesses an Investing account, they must utilize the Investing workspace in Slack
for investing-related communications. The steps to comply with this requirement are described
below.
When communicating with users who do not have a Slack Investing account, there are two options:
1. Adding a Slack Investing account to a DM or channel on another workspace using the
Slack Connect feature. This can be requested by someone on the other workspace on the
requestor's behalf, or can be added if an account is already held in this other workspace.
2. Adding another workspace user to a DM or channel on the Investing workspace using the
Slack Connect feature.
The instructions on how to invite and add someone using the Slack Connect feature are outlined
below
Case 2 – Employee Without a Slack Investing Account
For investing-related communications, there are three options:
● Requesting an account for the Investing Slack workspace: Access to the Investing Slack
workspace is managed through Okta. Request access at go/getslack. cashappinvestOnce
approved, access the Investing workspace and click "Sign In with Block SSO."
● Asking someone with a Slack Investing account to add a DM or channel to the Investing
workspace using the Slack Connect feature.
● Adding a Slack Investing account to a DM or channel on another workspace using the
Slack Connect feature.
Instructions on how to invite and add someone using the Slack Connect feature are outlined below:
Invite and Add a User From Another Workspace to a DM or Channel:
● Click on External Connections in the sidebar.
● Click the search field at the top of Slack.
● Type the SSO email address of the user or the email address they use to log into Slack (e.g.
personjones@squareup.com) and press Enter.
● There are 4 different results that may be observed:
● The account shows under the People section:
● Add them to a channel or DM as a normal user.

● A Looks like this person is a coworker: message displays:
● Click the use Slack Connect instead link to send them an invitation.
● There is a Start Conversation button under their account:
● Click the button and then click the Send Invitation button.
● A Invite this person to join Slack message displays:
● Make sure the email address displays and is accurate before trying again.
● The recipient of an invitation must select the right workspace when accepting the
invitation. Note: If the appropriate workspace is not listed as an option, please make sure
they log into the workspace by visiting the workspace's Slack URL. For example with the
Investing workspace they will need to login via cashappinvest.slack.com in their browser
and try again.
● Once a user accepts their first invitation to another workspace, they can be added to DMs
or channels like any other user. Note that the added user might still need to accept an
invitation every time they are added to a DM or a channel.
● Adding a user from another workspace to a DM or channel.
● Open the DM or channel (or create a new DM or channel).
● Click the cluster of profile pictures in the top right.
● Click Add people.
● Search for the person to be added by name, email address, or username and select
the right user (e.g. Person Jones, personjones@squareup.com or
pjones@squareup.com).
● Click Add.
● Choose the sharing permissions and slick Send Invitation.
● After the person has accepted the email invitation a banner will be visible in the DM
or channel which states that there is an external person from this other workspace.
● Important: Disconnect from a connected channel when access is no longer needed.
Note: A connection is only established when a user is successfully added to a DM or channel. If an
invitation has not been accepted, the connection remains pending. Only messages following a
successful connection will be correctly archived.
To report historical content, please refer to the Reporting Communications on Forbidden Platforms
section below.
Accessing Connected DMs and Channels:
In the sidebar of Slack, an External connections section is viewable where users can access DMs
and channels that are connected to other workspaces.