Fitness and Probity Policy
Square | Squareup International Limited
Last Approved: Mar 24, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 24, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Squareup International Limited (“SILˮ or referred to as “the Companyˮ)
is authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “CBI ˮ) as an e-money institution (“EMoney Firmˮ)
pursuant to Regulation 9 of the European Communities Electronic Money) Regulations 2011 (as
amended) (the “EMoney Regulationsˮ). The Company was incorporated on 26 May 2016 under
registration number 583287 and was authorised as an EMoney Firm by the CBI on 18 June 2020
(with CBI reference number: C184117. In 2010, the Central Bank Reform Act 2010 (as amended)
(the “Actˮ) created a new unified structure for financial regulation within Ireland and established
the CBI as a single fully integrated structure with a unitary board – the CBI Commission.
The Act enhances the system of regulatory control and confers additional powers on the CBI and
its Governor to support the stability of the financial system and to protect users of financial
services. As part of this, the Act harmonised a statutory system for the regulation of persons
performing CFs or PCFs in regulated financial service providers. This allowed the CBI to introduce
their F & P Regime. This regime has been enhanced by the Central Bank Individual Accountability
Framework) Act 2023 (the “IAFˮ).
The core aim of the F & P Regime is to ensure that persons in senior positions within firms are
competent and capable, honest, ethical and of integrity, and also financially sound.
As a regulated EMoney Firm, the Company is subject to the F & P Regime and the provisions of
the Act.
The purpose of this Policy is to facilitate the Companyʼs compliance with its obligations under the
Act. This Policy also provides an explanation of the F & P Regime and the relevant requirements the
Company must adhere to, in order to ensure CFs and PCFs are competent and capable, honest,
ethical, of integrity and financially sound.
1

This Policy should be read in conjunction with the Companyʼs Fitness and Probity procedures and
F & P Framework. The Companyʼs HR can be contacted to obtain a copy of any of these
documents, if needed.
Scope: This Policy is established by SIL and is applicable to persons that hold CF or PCF roles
within SIL and persons that perform CF or PCF roles on behalf of SIL.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Controlled A CF is a function performed with respect to a regulated financial service
Functions provider, like Squareup International Limited (“SILˮ), which is prescribed by
(“CFsˮ) the Central Bank of Ireland (“CBIˮ) as a CF. A full list of CBI-prescribed CFs
can be found in the CBIʼs Guidance on the Fitness and Probity Standards.The
designation as a CF is dependent on the functions performed by the
individual rather than their job title or physical location in the organisation
structure.
CF1 A CF that has the ability to exercise significant influence on the conduct of
the affairs of a regulated financial service provider, such as SIL
CF2 A CF that ensures, controls or monitors compliance by a regulated financial
service provider with its relevant obligations
Pre-Approval A PCF is a Pre-Approval Controlled Function and is a subset of CFs. PCFs are
Controlled key roles within a firm and by virtue of the nature of the role, require
Functions pre-approval from the CBI.
(“PCFs)ˮ
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. The Fitness and Probity Regime
Description of Controlled Functions
Controlled Functions (“CFˮ)
The CFs and PCFs that are relevant to the Company and the holders of those functions are set out in
the Companyʼs PCF and CF registers. The Companyʼs CF and PCF Registers are maintained by the
Companyʼs HR.
Outsourced Functions
If PCF and CF roles are outsourced to an ‘unregulated entityʼ (like Block, Inc.), certain conditions
must be met under the F & P regime and prior CBI approval is required for any PCF role that is
2

outsourced to an ‘unregulated entityʼ. In all cases, the relevant persons performing the outsourced
role must comply with the applicable F & P Standards.
The following requirements will apply when the Company is outsourcing a PCF or CF role to an
“unregulated entityˮ:
Outsourcing PCFs
The outsourcing agreement must identify the person who will perform the outsourced PCF function.
The Company will obtain the CBIʼs prior written approval for the appointment of that person to the
PCF. Any outsourcing arrangement must also identify the person in the Company who is responsible
for the performance of the PCF. The Company will complete the certification of the compliance
process in respect of each PCF.
Outsourcing CFs
SIL will put a written agreement/contract in place between it and the outsourced service provider
that performs CFs., It is not necessary to identify and list in writing each person performing the CF in
that agreement. The outsourced service provider should incorporate the F & P Standards into its own
HR process. The outsourced service provider must: (i) be able to identify the persons who will
perform the CFs and assess whether those persons are compliant with the F & P Standards; and (ii)
assess whether the CFs are compliant with the F & P standards and (iii) obtain those personsʼ
agreement to abide by the F & P Standards.
The outsourced service provider should, if requested, provide written confirmation to the Company
that the persons performing CFs are compliant with the F & P Standards and have agreed to abide by
them.
The Company remains responsible for satisfying itself on reasonable grounds that persons
performing CFs comply with the F & P Standards and that those persons have agreed to abide by the
F & P Standards the Company remains responsible for the certification of compliance process in
respect of each CF.
2.2. The Fitness and Probity Standards (“F & P Standardsˮ)
The F & P Standards set the benchmark for considering the fitness, probity and financial soundness
of people appointed to a PCF or a CF and may form the basis for refusing to approve the
appointment of a person to a PCF or for removing or prohibiting someone from a CF if they do not
meet those standards. The F & P Standards require PCFs and CFs to:
● Be competent and capable;
● Act honestly, ethically and with integrity; and
● Be financially sound.
The Company undertakes appropriate due diligence to satisfy itself on reasonable grounds that its
PCFs and CFs comply with the F & P Standards and be in a position to certify this. To satisfy the
reasonable grounds test, the Company undertakes the required due diligence, prior to appointment,
as set out in the sections below.
3

Compliance with this requirement is a continuing obligation and is not a one-off obligation that is
discharged once due diligence has been undertaken prior to the appointment of the CF or PCF. The
Company will conduct due diligence on persons in CF and PCF roles on an on-going basis. Please
see further information on this in the on-going compliance section. The majority of due diligence will
be assessed by the Company itself in the case of PCFs and CF1CF2.
The Company cannot permit a person to perform a CF or PCF role, or allow them to continue in such
a role, unless it is satisfied that the person meets the F & P standards as set out in Appendix 1, a
certificate of compliance with the F & P standards is in force in relation to the person; and the person
has agreed in writing to comply with any such standards.
Certain CF roles may be exempt from the application of these F&P Standards. This does not mean
these roles are exempt from the F&P Regime in full i.e. they will remain subject to Part 3 of the Act
(e.g. the powers of investigation, suspension and prohibition) and the Conduct Standards within the
IAF (“the Conduct Standardsˮ).
Appropriate Level of Due Diligence When Assessing Fitness
Persons performing a PCF or a CF must be competent and capable. The Company will determine
the particular demands of a CF or a PCF, i.e., what qualifications, experience, and knowledge are
commensurate with the requirements of the role and other relevant factors will make a person fit to
perform that function and meet the responsibilities of the role. The inherent responsibilities of certain
PCF roles have been set out in the CBI Guidance on the Fitness and Probity Standards (“the
GuidanceˮThe due diligence considered suitable to determine a personʼs fitness to perform a CF or
a PCF includes the following measures:
● Evidence of professional qualification(s), where relevant (to be performed as part of initial
due diligence and on an ongoing basis, if applicable);
● Professional body checks, where relevant, (to be performed as part of initial due diligence
and on an ongoing basis, if applicable;
● Evidence of CPD, where relevant (to be performed as part of initial due diligence and on an
ongoing basis, if applicable);
● Record of interview and application, where applicable;
● References (to be performed as part of initial due diligence);
● Record of previous experience. If the level of experience and knowledge set out in the
Guidance is met or exceeded, it can be presumed that the individual has sufficient
experience/knowledge unless there is an indication to the contrary. An individual who does
not hold the years of experience set out could still be considered fit and proper where the
Company can justify this;
● Record of experience gained outside of Ireland, where relevant (to be performed as part of
initial due diligence); and
● Concurrent responsibilities (to be performed as part of initial due diligence and on an
ongoing basis, if applicable). Time commitments must be assessed, which take account of
the nature, scale and complexity of the Company, and the individualʼs other mandates such
as directorships, other CF/PCF roles. Individuals holding multiple CF roles must
demonstrate competency for each,sufficient capacity and the absence of unmanageable
4

conflicts of interest. If a conflict of interest exists, its materiality is to be evaluated and it is
to be assessed whether it can be adequately mitigated or managed.
The level of due diligence expected to be undertaken will vary depending on the role. The Additional
Due Diligence in Relation to Persons Conducting Specific PCFs and CFs section sets out the
additional level of due diligence required for specific PCFs and CFs
Appropriate Level of Due Diligence When Assessing Probity
Much of an assessment of a personʼs character, in terms of their probity, can only be undertaken in
the case of exceptions, i.e., it is only when evidence is available to suggest that a person might not
comply with the standard of probity required of them that the Company must investigate thoroughly.
The principle of proportionality cannot be applied in relation to probity.
The due diligence to be employed to determine a personʼs probity to perform a CF or a PCF should
include the following measures:
● Obtain signed written agreement from the PCF or CF on an annual basis in relation to their
ongoing compliance with the F & P Standards and confirming whether or not any of the
circumstances set out in the F & P Standards apply to them (the “ F & P Agreementˮ);
● Assess and document whether any exceptional matter is material to the relevant function
based on the evidence received (e.g. underlying documentation which the person should
be required to furnish such as reports/decisions);
● If the exceptional matter is considered material, the Company should make all reasonable
enquiries arising because of the information provided by the person, such as, where
relevant, contacting third parties for further information, e.g. former employers, regulatory
authorities, etc.;
● Investigate any evidence suggesting an individual may not be able to comply with the
probity standards. If the matter is relevant (such as disciplinary proceedings for a serious
matter), this should be considered in conjunction with other relevant matters;
● Individual matters regarding Fitness and Probity may not be significant in isolation, their
cumulative effect must be considered. The cumulative effect might determine whether the
individual is fit and proper to perform, or continue to perform, the CF.
● The Company is not required to remove or suspend a person from acting in a CF/PCF
solely on the basis that one or more of the circumstances listed in F & P Standards may
have occurred.
The Companyʼs HR will:
● Undertake appropriate due diligence including all checks and searches deemed
appropriate and prudent in order to satisfy the Company, on reasonable grounds, that a
PCF/CF is in compliance with the F & P Standards;
● Revert to the individual concerned to identify other possible avenues of inquiry, where
reasonable efforts have been made to contact third parties and no response or insufficient
detail has been received.
● Obtain all necessary information required under the F & P Standards;
5

● Seek to ensure that each CF and PCF shall have the qualifications, experience,
competence and capacity appropriate to the relevant function; and
● Review the above information collated and if satisfied on reasonable grounds that the
person performing the CF or PCF role is fit and proper, certify the person complies with the
F & P Standards. See section on Certification Process for more details.
The Company will ensure the person is honest, diligent, and independent-minded and must act
ethically and with integrity. To do so, the Company will seek written confirmations to certain
questions through the Companyʼs Fitness and Probity questionnaire form. Where the person
confirms one or more of the circumstances set out in the Companyʼs Fitness and Probity
questionnaire apply, the person must be in a position to demonstrate that their ability to perform the
CF or PCF is not adversely affected to a material degree by that matter. Board members are also
required to be independent - minded1, ensuring that independent judgement is exercised. The
Fitness and Probity procedures set out the considerations to be taken into account when making this
assessment.
Additional Due Diligence in Relation to Persons Conducting Specific PCFs and CFs
The Company undertakes the following minimum additional due diligence in relation to persons
performing specific PCFs/CFs:
● For PCFs, CF1 and CF2 Check against publicly available sources to determine whether a
judgement debt has been registered against a person (including in jurisdictions where the
person has lived for more than 6 months in the previous 5 years (to be performed as part of
initial due diligence and ongoing));
● For PCFs, CF1 and CF2 Refer to the CBI ʼs website and those of other regulatory authorities
(where available) to confirm for their own records that the person has not been the subject
of sanction, or other regulatory action (to be performed as part of initial due diligence and
ongoing);
● For PCFs, CF1 and CF2 Check the Companies Registration Office records for restrictions or
disqualifications from acting as a company director and any other equivalent registers in
another relevant jurisdiction (e.g., where the PCF/CF1/CF2 has lived/worked in that
jurisdiction for more than 6 months in the previous 5 years (to be performed as part of
initial due diligence and ongoing));
● For PCFs, CF1 and CF2 The Company requires those performing PCFs/CF1s/CF2s to
confirm whether, to the best of their knowledge, the circumstances they, or any business
where they held a position of responsibility or influence at the relevant time, have been
subject to an investigation, disciplinary action or criticism (to be performed as part of initial
due diligence and ongoing);
● For PCFs, CF1 and CF2 Conduct adverse media checks in respect of each person and
previous employers;
● If any matter/adverse result is returned in respect of any person and is deemed material,
make reasonable enquiries, for instance contacting third parties such as former employers
or regulatory authorities for further information; and
1 The fact that a Board member is considered as "being independent" does not mean that the member of the board should
automatically be deemed to be "independent of mind" and the individualʼs independence of mind should be assessed.
6

● For all PCFs and CFs: The Company requires those performing the roles to confirm
whether they have ever in any jurisdiction been convicted of a criminal offence or been
subject to any criminal investigation and/or proceedings or civil proceedings. The
Company will consider the impact of the criminal convictions (involving dishonesty, fraud,
financial service, insolvency, consumer, insurance, market manipulation, insider dealing or
revenue law) on a personʼs ability to perform a relevant function having regard, for
instance, to the circumstances of the conviction and its relevance to the performance of
the function, the length of time since the conviction, the explanation offered by the
convicted person and evidence of their rehabilitation.
2.3. Certification Process
Where HR is satisfied on reasonable grounds that a person performing a CF/PCF, or proposing to
perform a CF/PCF complies with any F & P Standards applicable to that person, and they agree in
writing to comply with these standards, HR must issue a certificate of compliance in respect of that
person.
The certificate will be issued with respect to each CF/PCF prior to the appointment of a person to
perform that CF/PCF, and on an annual basis. In regard to PCFs, a certificate of compliance should
be issued before the submission of a CBI Individual Questionnaire application.
Where a certificate has been issued with respect to a person , and the person is proposed to
perform one or more further CF/PCF roles, the certificate is to be updated.
In order to issue a certificate, HR must identify and maintain a record of:
● The particular controlled function(s) performed by the CF/PCF;
● The aspects of the affairs of SIL in which a person performing CF/PCF will be involved;
● The basis on which SIL is satisfied that the person performing the CF/PCF meets any F & P
Standards applicable to them; and
● Whether the role is outsourced to an unregulated entity.
A certificate of compliance is valid for a period of 12 months beginning from the date of issue and
must be renewed by HR at least annually, where appropriate to do so.
2.4. Ongoing Regulatory Responsibilities
Responsibilities of the Company
The Companyʼs HR is responsible for:
● Identifying and maintaining a record of persons performing a PCF or CF;
● Documenting the due diligence carried out on CFs and PCFs to ensure adherence to the F
& P Standards;
7

● Making the above records available to the CBI upon request.
● Issuing a certificate of compliance with respect to each person holding or proposing to
hold a CF/PCF, when satisfied the persons comply with the F & P Standards; and
● Making the above records available to the CBI upon request.
The Companyʼs Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for:
● Maintaining the record of persons performing a PCF on the CBIʼs (‘Portalʼ) ; and
● Maintaining a record of PCF IQ forms and the annual PCF confirmation and CF certification
returns, submitted to the CBI and the respective CBIʼs approval and CBI receipt
confirmations.
Fitness and Probity Agreement
The Company will satisfy itself on reasonable grounds that CFs/PCFs are fit and proper at the point
of taking on their role as well as on a continual basis. As part of this ongoing obligation, the F & P
Standards will be brought to the attention of every person performing a CF/PCF on the Companyʼs
behalf and a signed Annual F & P Agreement to this effect must be obtained. The Company will not
permit a person to perform a CF/PCF role or continue to perform a CF or PCF role, if they have not
agreed in writing to abide by the F & P standards.
Any proposed new appointment of a PCF will be made in accordance with the requirements, and
with the approval of the CBI and the Board of the Company, with the Board to approve the proposed
appointment prior to any application being made to the CBI. The Board is to receive a statement of
suitability regarding the proposed candidate to assist its consideration of the appointment. Similarly,
any resignation of a PCF will be effected in accordance with the requirements of the CBI.
A person who has not been pre-approved by the CBI is not eligible to be elected as chair of the
Companyʼs board, until pre-approval from the CBI is received.
All PCFs/CFs are required to notify the Companyʼs HR of any changes to their circumstances which
might be material to their fitness and probity. Where appropriate, the Company will assess if that
person still satisfies their obligations under the F & P Standards.
In order to ensure that the Company complies with its ongoing obligations under the F & P Standards,
IAF and the Act, the Companyʼs HR will each year:
● Obtain a signed copy of the annual F & P Agreement and questionnaire form from all PCFs
and CFs;
● Conduct ongoing due diligence, including refreshing checks and searches where deemed
appropriate and prudent on an ad hoc basis, for each PCF/CF holder;
● Confirm there is a valid certificate of compliance with respect to each person holding PCFs
and CFs roles; and
● Upon request, provide to the Chief Compliance Officer and/or CEO, copies of the signed
annual F & P agreement and questionnaire form obtained from all PCFs and CFs, together
with an update regarding any due diligence or refresher checks and searches that are
undertaken.
8

The Companyʼs HR will provide to the Board a summary of the steps taken by them as part of the
ongoing review, at the Q4 Board meeting, together with an annual confirmation which will be
recorded in the minutes of the meeting:
● That the F & P Standards have been brought to the attention of all persons performing
PCFs/CFs in the Company and that the Company is satisfied on reasonable grounds that all
persons performing PCFs/CFs in or on behalf of the Company are compliant with the
Standards;
● That the Company is satisfied on reasonable grounds that the Annual F & P Agreement and
Certification Form of each person performing a PCF/CF has been obtained;
● That due diligence has been undertaken to evidence compliance of each person
performing a PCF/CF with the F & P Standards; and
● That concerns regarding the fitness and probity of each person performing a PCF/CF will
be investigated and appropriate action will be taken and any relevant notifications made to
the CBI without delay.
● A valid certificate of compliance has been issued with respect to each person holding PCFs
and CFs roles; and
● The Company cannot permit a person to perform or continue to perform a CF/PCF unless
the person has agreed to abide by the F & P Standards.
On foot of this confirmation to the Board, the CEO confirms in writing to the EU Compliance team,
that all necessary due diligence has occurred, that all PCF holders continue to agree to comply with
the F & P Standards and that the Company will take appropriate action in relation to any fitness and
probity concerns. This written confirmation is needed to facilitate the EU CCO or their delegates in
filing an annual PCF confirmation and CF certification return to the CBI via the Portal. The annual
PCF confirmation and CF certificate return confirms that each active PCF holder is compliant with
the F & P Standards, that they continue to agree to abide by those standards and that the
certification process for each PCF has been completed. The annual PCF confirmation return sets out
a list of all persons performing a PCF in or on behalf of the Company and must be confirmed as
correct as per the deadline in the Portal.
In circumstances where SIL has revoked, or decided not to renew a certificate of compliance, in
whole or in part, because the certificate of compliance requirements have not been met, SIL must
notify the CBI of this.
If any circumstances arise, whereby SIL cannot complete the annual CFl certification return (for
example, where a person in a CF role has yet to complete the continuing professional development
(“CPDˮ) hours but is scheduled to do so within a reasonable timeframe) HR is to reach out to the EU
Compliance team or EU Regulatory Counsel to assess the materiality of the situation, determine any
impact on the certification of the person, and record the rationale for this and the timeframe within
which it will be remedied and if appropriate confirm that the the overall certification process has
otherwise been completed.
2.5. An assessment of the initial and ongoing collective suitability of the Board must also be
conducted.2.5 CBIʼs Approval Process for PCFs
9

The IQ forms part of the CBIʼs F & P assessment for PCFs and it covers reference checks, requests
for additional information in some instances, and if necessary, interviews with proposed PCFs.
A PCF applicant completes an online declaration as to the accuracy and veracity of the information
provided. The Company completes an online declaration confirming that appropriate due diligence
and checks of the PCF applicant were undertaken by the Company and confirming that the Company
is satisfied that the proposed holder of the PCF is fit and proper.
If an individual is proposed for more than one PCF role, the individual must be approved by the CBI
in respect of the performance of each PCF role.
Failure by a candidate to satisfy the CBI as to their ability to comply with the F & P Standards may
lead to approval being refused. Where the CBI considers it necessary, it may conduct an interview
with a PCF applicant before deciding whether or not to approve an application.
There are also additional requirements applicable to PCFs of an EMoney Firm and therefore, the
Company must comply with all of the requirements of Guideline 16 of the “EBA Guidelines on the
information to be provided for the authorisation of payment institutions and e-money institutions and
for the registration of account information service providersˮ (the “EBA Guidelinesˮ) which relates to
the “identity and suitability assessment of directors and persons responsible for the management of
the payment institution or electronic money institutionˮ.
Accordingly, a number of amendments have been made to the Fitness and Probity Individual
Questionnaire application to reflect the EBA Guidelines. The CBI has issued guidance to EMoney
Firms in relation to the requirements of the EMoney Regulations and the EBA Guidelines and this
guidance sets out the additional questions and additional information to be provided for PCFs of
EMoney Firms, to include an objectively reliable source of information concerning the absence of
criminal conviction, investigations and proceedings, such as a testimony made by a lawyer
established in the European Union. CBI approval usually takes up to six weeks. It should be noted
that where the CBI approves a proposed appointment to a PCF that, in itself, is not a certification of
the PCFʼs compliance with the F & P Regime. The Company remains bound to satisfy itself, in
accordance with section 21 of the Act on reasonable grounds that the applicable PCF is compliant
with the F & P Regime.
The Company may inform a prospective PCF of its intention to make an offer of employment subject
to receiving the CBIʼs prior approval in writing. Any such statement of intention should include
specific language to be provided by the Companyʼs Employment Counsel.
The Board will minute that the Company has conducted the required F & P checks on any
prospective PCF (including appropriate due diligence) and that it is satisfied that the person meets
the F & P Standards, and that the person will be appointed to the role subject to CBI approval and will
take effect from the date that this approval is received.
Any offer of employment made by the Company in contravention of the Act does not create any
contractual obligations between the Company and the prospective employee. Accordingly, any offer
of employment in respect of a PCF role is subject to receipt by the Company of the CBIʼs prior
10

approval in writing. The Companyʼs Employment Counsel is responsible for ensuring that any offer
letters for any PCF roles take account of these requirements.
2.6. Pre-Approval Controlled Function Training
PCFs receive training and information updates on a periodic basis on matters relating to the
Company. Each PCF is aware of the framework within which the Company operates, its relevant
policies and procedures and the reporting applicable to it, so as to provide for the proper discharge
of their responsibilities as a PCF. Specific training on the F & P regime and requirements is to be
provided to PCFs every one to two years.
2.7. Performing a PCF role on a Temporary Basis
SIL may appoint a ‘Temporary Officerʼ to fill a vacant PCF role for up to six months, provided they
comply with the F&P Standards and both the Common and Additional Conduct Standards within the
IAF. The Company must certify that the appointee meets the F&P Standards and has agreed to
comply with them. The Company must also get prior written agreement from the CBI regarding this
appointment. Details of the written notification to the CBI are contained in the SILʼs PCF approval
process document. for roles exercising significant influence, the CBI will likely require a full PCF
application regardless of the temporary nature.
If a Temporary Officer is filling a permanently vacated PCF role, a PCF application must be submitted
to the CBI within three months of the appointment. Failure to do so causes the CBI agreement to
lapse three months after the date of the agreement, and the Temporary Officer will no longer be
permitted to fill the role, save in exceptional circumstances. If submitted timely, the Temporary
Officer may remain in the role until a decision is made, within the six-month limit.
If the original role holder returns from a temporary absence, their PCF approval remains valid and no
new application is required.
2.8. Sharing of PCF roles
Sharing a single PCF role is prohibited except in cases of formal job sharing 2 or where a role
spans multiple distinct business lines. To determine if an arrangement is permissible, the
Company must conduct a case-by-case assessment considering PCF role type, the business
model,industry standards, the rationale and the specific role details.
2.9. Changes to Roles
When EU Compliance is notified of a change to an existing PCF holder e.g. resignation or removal of
a PCF holder, the EU CCO must notify the CBI of the change via the CBI portal without delay.
2 Employment arrangement where two people are employed on a parttime or reduced-time basis to perform a job normally
fulfilled by one person)
11

It is therefore very important that the EU CCO is notified of any changes as soon as possible, for
onward reporting to the Board and notification to the CBI.
The Company has and maintains succession plans to ensure it is prepared to meet its F & P
obligations going forward, as required.
2.10. Non-Compliance
Where evidence is available to suggest that a CF or PCF might not comply with the F & P Standards,
the Board must investigate this thoroughly. A breach of the F & P Standards could, depending on the
nature of the breach, constitute “gross misconductˮ and may result in disciplinary sanction(s) up to
and including dismissal.
While there is no exhaustive list of the types of action that must be notified to the CBI these would
include, for example, the issuing of a formal written warning, suspending/dismissing a person or
reducing/recovering some of their remuneration as a result of issues relating to fitness and/or
probity. Such action may necessitate the removal or non-renewal of the personʼs status as certified
(at the time of annual review).
Where appropriate, the EU CCO will notify the CBI of any compliance issues without delay. The
Company may do so by emailing FitnessAndProbity@centralbank.ie.
The CBI may investigate a person who:
● performs a CF or PCF role;
● SIL proposes, or is considering, to appoint to carry out a CF (other than a PCF
● who formerly performed a CF or PCF role provided that they performed that role within the
shorter of the following periods: (a) the period since 19 April 2023 and (b) the 6 years
before the date the investigation commenced
Where a person is or has been the subject of an F & P investigation by the CBI, the Company may
have to:
● Comply with a suspension notice;
● Comply with an evidentiary notice; or
● Comply with a prohibition notice.
If any of the circumstances set out above arise, please refer to the following and seek guidance from
Regulatory Legal Counsel: Central Bank Reform Act 2010 Procedures Governing the Conduct of
Investigations) Regulations 2023 and the Fitness and Probity Investigations, Suspensions and
Prohibitions: Guidance April 2023.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
12

● SIL Board of Directors (the “Boardˮ):
○ Ultimately responsible for the Companyʼs compliance with the Act and the Central
Bank of Irelandʼs Fitness and Probity Regime (“F & P Regimeˮ). However, from an
operational perspective, responsibility for the day-to-day implementation of the
Policy is delegated to the functions and individual role holders detailed in this
section. For the Board to have effective and efficient oversight, it needs to have the
right composition, adequate collective knowledge, and diversity of perspective,
knowledge, skills and experiences to understand the Companyʼs activities, risks,
broader financial context and to fulfil its responsibilities.
○ Board memberʼs required knowledge, skills and experience must be kept up to date.
This also includes an appropriate understanding of those areas for which an
individual member is not directly responsible, but still is collectively accountable for
together with the other members of the board.
○ The role and the responsibilities of the board are clearly documented, and
directors must have a full understanding of their individual direct and indirect
responsibilities and collective responsibilities, enabling the Board to take
appropriate decisions collectively.
● Human Resources (“HRˮ):
○ Responsible for:
■ Ensuring the Fitness and Probity (“F & Pˮ) framework and related
procedures are executed;
■ Issuing a certificate of compliance with respect to each person holding or
proposing to hold a CF/PCF, when satisfied on reasonable grounds that the
person performing the CF or PCF role is fit and proper. See section on
Certification Requirements for more details);
■ Making the above records available to the CBI upon request; and
■ Assisting the Board in relation to its compliance with the Act.
● EU Chief Executive Officer:
○ Responsible and accountable for the certificate of compliance process
● EU Chief Compliance Officer (“EU CCOˮ):
○ Responsible for:
■ Coordinating the completion of the Individual Questionnaire (“IQˮ) form with
the relevant PCF and submitting it to the CBI.
■ Maintaining the record of persons performing a PCF on the CBIʼs Reporting
System (‘Portalʼ) ; and
■ Maintaining a record of PCF IQ forms and the annual PCF confirmation and
CF certification returns, submitted to the CBI and the respective CBIʼs
approval and CBI receipt confirmations.
● EU Employment Counsel:
○ Responsible for ensuring that there is a letter of appointment in place with each
CF/PCF which sets out the terms of their appointment and the time they commit to
the role they assume.
● EU Regulatory Counsel:
○ Responsible for updating the Board and HR as to any changes in law or guidance
from the CBI in relation to the Act and/or the F & P Regime on an ongoing basis.
13

● CF and PCFs:
○ Responsible for:
■ Completing documentation relating to their fitness and probity truthfully and
honestly, confirming that they are aware of the F & P Standards and agree
to abide by those Standards; and
■ Notifying the Companyʼs HR of any changes to their circumstances which
might be material to their fitness and probity.
■ Being available and accessible to the CBI
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
The Company will maintain all information collected in compliance with its obligations under the Act
and its obligations with respect to the certification process under IAF, for the duration during which
the person performs the CF or PCF. The Company will maintain information collected in compliance
with the Act for a minimum of 6 years after that person has ceased to perform the function on behalf
of the Company in accordance with the requirements of the CBI. With respect to the certification
process, the Company will maintain all information and documentation relied upon in relation to
certificates of compliance for a minimum of 6 years after that person has ceased to perform a PCF
or a CF.
SIL should have regard to its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation in holding the
information referenced above including ensuring that the information is held securely and in an
appropriate manner.
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
14

● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● F&P procedure
● Conduct Standards Policy
● Conduct Standards procedure
● PCF approval process
Review related references:
● Fitness and Probity Standards 2025
● Guidance on Fitness and Probity Standards 2025
● Central Bank Reform Act 2010 (as amended)
● S.I. No. 2/2024 Central Bank Reform Act 2010 Section 21 6 Regulations 2024
● Central Bank Individual Accountability Framework) Act 2023
● Fitness and Probity Investigations, Suspensions and Prohibitions Guidance April 2023
● Guidance on PI and EMI Specific Requirements
● IAF guidance 2023
● PCF Annual Confirmation and CF Certification Guidance
15

5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Danielle EU Regulatory Material Cha… Inclusion of new March 25, 2024
Carmody Program Manager Certificate of
Compliance
requirements
Updating the
Elizabeth Henry EU CCO Material Cha… timing of when February 22,
various due 2024
diligence checks
are to be
performed, as per
new CBI guidance
SIL Board SIL Board Material Cha… March 25, 2024
Updates to
legislative and
regulatory
references
Danielle EU Regulatory Scheduled R… New template, January 21, 2025
Carmody Program Manager streamlined
sections + New
text regarding:
Steps to take in
advance of
Elizabeth Henry EU CCO Scheduled R… February 27, 2025
annual PCF
confirmation and
CF certification
return being filed,
as per new CBI
SIL Board SIL Board Scheduled R… March 24, 2025
guidance;
PCF roles held on
a temporary basis
Elizabeth Henry EU CCO Scheduled R… New template; March 10, 2026
Updated to align
with new Fitness
and Probity
Guidance.
16

SIL Board Scheduled R… March 24, 2026
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional EU
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner EU CCO
Approved By SIL Board
Document Tier Tier 2
17

Appendix 1 The F & P Standards
Conduct to be competent and capable
● A person shall have the qualifications, experience, competence and capacity appropriate to
the relevant function.
● A person must be able to demonstrate that they:
○ have professional or other qualifications and capability appropriate to the relevant
function;
○ have obtained the competence and skills appropriate to the relevant function,
whether through training or experience gained in an employment context; and
○ have shown the competence and proficiency to undertake the relevant function
through the performance of previous functions, which, if carried out at present
would be subject to these F & P Standards, or current controlled functions, or
performance by the person of any role similar or equivalent to the functions that are
covered by these F & P Standards. If the person performed a function in a regulated
financial service provider, which, if performed at present would be subject to these
F & P Standards, and that regulated financial service provider received state
financial support, consideration shall be given to the competence and skills
demonstrated by that person in that function and to the extent, if any, to which the
performance of their function may have contributed to the necessity for such state
financial support.
Conduct to be honest, ethical and to act with integrity
A person must be able to demonstrate that their ability to perform the relevant function is not
adversely affected to a material degree where one or more of the following may be applicable:
● the person is or was a sole trader or a director or partner in a legal entity, which has in any
jurisdiction, been refused, prohibited, restricted or suspended from the right to carry on
any trade, business or profession for which a licence, registration or other authorisation is
required by the law, in that jurisdiction or has had had any such registration, authorisation,
membership or licence revoked, otherwise than on a voluntary basis;
● the person has been the subject of any complaint made to the CBI, the Financial Services
Ombudsman or any equivalent body, reasonably and in good faith, relating to activities
regulated by the CBI or regulated by an equivalent authority in any jurisdiction. In
considering whether the complaint adversely affects the personʼs ability to carry out a
relevant function, consideration shall be given to the outcome of any inquiry or
investigation or any similar process into that complaint if same has been concluded;
● the person is or has been, in any jurisdiction, subject to any disciplinary proceedings or has
been issued a warning, reprimand or other administrative sanction or its equivalent, by the
CBI, or an equivalent measure issued by any other regulatory authority, (including any
previous regulator), any clearing house and exchanges, any professional body, government
body or agency;
18

● the person has been, in any jurisdiction, dismissed, or asked to resign and did resign, from
any profession, vocation, office or employment or from any position of trust or fiduciary
appointment, whether or not remunerated;
● the person has, in any jurisdiction, been a director, of a company that was struck off the
register of companies (or its equivalent) by the Registrar of Companies (or its equivalent)
on an involuntary basis;
● the person has been disqualified or restricted from acting as a director in any jurisdiction or
has been disqualified from acting in any managerial capacity;
● the person has, in any jurisdiction:
○ been convicted of an offence either of money laundering or terrorist financing (or
their equivalents);
○ been convicted of an offence which could be relevant to that personʼs ability to
perform the relevant function; or
○ had a finding, judgement or order made against him/her involving fraud,
misrepresentation, dishonesty or breach of trust or where the person is subject to
any current proceedings for fraud, misrepresentation, dishonesty or breach of trust.
○ the person has been the subject of any civil penalty enforcement action taken by a
regulatory authority under any law in any jurisdiction;
○ the person has been untruthful or provided false or misleading information to the
CBI or been uncooperative in any dealings with the CBI ;
○ the person, or any business with which the person held a position of responsibility
or influence, has been or is being, in any jurisdiction, investigated, disciplined,
censured, suspended or criticised by a regulatory or professional body, a court or
tribunal or any similar body, whether publicly or privately; or
○ the person has, in any jurisdiction, been found by the CBI or any other regulatory
authority to have perpetrated or participated in any negligent, deceitful or otherwise
discreditable business or professional practice.
Financial Soundness
A person shall manage their affairs in a sound and prudent manner.
A person must be able to demonstrate that their role in a relevant function is not adversely affected
to a material degree by the fact that one or more of the following may be applicable:
● the person has defaulted upon any payment due arising from a compromise or scheme of
arrangement with their creditors or made an assignment for the benefit of their creditors;
● the person is subject to a judgement debt which is unsatisfied, either in whole or in part,
whether in the Ireland or elsewhere;
● the person is or has been the subject of a bankruptcy petition, whether in Ireland or
elsewhere;
● the person has been adjudicated a bankrupt and the bankruptcy is undischarged, whether
in the Ireland or elsewhere; or
● a person was a director of an entity which has been the subject of insolvency.
19