Conflicts of Interest Policy
Square | Squareup International Limited
Last Approved: Mar 30, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 30, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: SIL is an authorised Electronic Money Institution, regulated and
supervised by the Central Bank of Ireland (“the CBIˮ) under Firm Reference Number C184117. The
direct parent company is Block, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and a merchant services aggregator
and mobile payments company based in San Francisco, California in the United States of America.
It is registered as a Money Services Business with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.
This Conflicts of Interest Policy (“Policyˮ) is established by SIL and is applicable to SIL.
SIL is committed to abiding by the principles of treating customers fairly and acting honestly, fairly
and professionally in the best interests of its customers. An important element of these principles
is that SIL has appropriate arrangements in place designed to prevent Conflicts of Interest from
adversely affecting the interests of SILʼs customers.
This Policy provides a clear statement of the standards around identifying, documenting,
escalating and appropriately managing or preventing Conflicts of Interest. The objective of this
policy is to communicate SILʼs requirements in respect of Conflicts of Interest; and to advise all
Staff Members of their obligation to disclose Conflicts of Interest and maintain high ethical
standards
SIL and its Staff Members must take all reasonable and appropriate steps to prevent or avoid
situations where a Conflict of Interest may happen, potentially happen or have been perceived to
have happened. It is not enough to rely on the disclosure and recording of (actual, potential or
perceived) conflicts. Proactive steps must be taken to prevent a Conflict of Interest from occurring
in the first place and to ensure that our personal interests do not conflict with the wider interests of
SIL or its customers at any time.
Staff Members are all personally accountable for disclosing conflicts of interests,and/or seeking
direction on any issues which could potentially conflict with Staff Memberʼs responsibilities to SIL, .
Where conflicts of interests are not properly managed, there may be serious consequences for SIL
1

and for all those involved. In extreme cases, conflicts of interests may facilitate fraud, corruption,
or other serious issues. In addition, they can damage the business and harm SILʼs reputation. The
person responsible could be subject to disciplinary action internally with SIL, or criminal sanctions
externally e.g. if it is deemed to be bribery or corruption.
Scope: This Policy applies to all SIL Staff Members, Officers, and Directors (collectively; Staff
Members). SIL requires all Staff Members to adhere to the standards set out in this Policy and any
other SIL and Block Inc., standards which seek to prevent and manage Conflicts of Interest. As a
member of the Block Inc. Group, SIL is subject to the Block, Inc. Global Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (“the Codeˮ). This Policy should be read in connection with the Code and if there is any
conflict between the Code and applicable local law, the most restrictive requirement must be
followed.
Additionally, SIL requires OSPʼs to communicate and make their staff aware of their responsibilities
under this Policy and to monitor the implementation of this Policy.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Outsource Are considered as a third-party entity that is undertaking an outsourced
Service process, service or activity, or parts thereof, under an outsourcing
Providers arrangement on behalf of SIL. The term refers to both external third party
(“OSPˮ) service providers and intra/inter group service providers.
Staff Member(s) All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
or Staff operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and include interns,
temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and
contractors. This includes Officers and Directors of SIL.
An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labour, contractors) hired
by Squareup International Limited who supports the operations covered by
this Policy.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Conflict of Interest
A Conflict of Interest is a situation where one or more persons or entities have competing interests
and the serving of one interest may involve detriment to another.A Conflict of Interest under this
Policy includes:
● An actual Conflict of Interest (i.e. a Conflict of Interest that has arisen);
● A potential Conflict of Interest (i.e. a Conflict of Interest that may arise given particular facts
and circumstances); and
● A perceived Conflict of Interest (i.e. a situation which may give rise to the perception of a
Conflict of Interest) even where a Conflict of Interest may not in fact exist.
2

To assist in the identification of Conflicts of Interest, Annex 1 includes non-exhaustive lists of (i)
relationships where Conflicts of Interest may arise and (ii) Conflicts of Interest scenarios, as well as
(iii) a sample of specific examples of circumstances in which these Conflicts of Interest arise.
2.2. Regulatory Requirements
Conflicts of Interest represent a key element of conduct risk and consumer protection risk. The
identification, monitoring, management and mitigation of conflicts of interest are critical to the
development of a robust conduct risk environment. SIL has a number of regulatory requirements
pertaining to conflicts of interest, including the CBIʼs Consumer Protection Code and European
Banking Authority Guidelines on Outsourcing Arrangements, and as such SIL is expected to have
established processes and controls in place for Conflicts of Interest management.
2.3. Identification and Reporting
● All Conflicts of Interest, or transactions or relationships that could give rise to a Conflicts of
Interest must be disclosed immediately. This requirement extends to any interest or
relationships involving Staff members, their immediate family members or any other
individual with whom they have close personal relationships. All Staff members are
expected to exercise good judgement and common sense in anticipating situations that
may give rise to a Conflicts of Interest. Staff members and other persons working on behalf
of SIL who believe they may have a Conflict of Interest, become aware of a potential
Conflicts of Interest with others, or are uncertain as to whether the potential for a Conflict
of Interest actually exists must disclose it through the available channels detailed on the
Conflicts of Interest page.
● Once the Conflict of Interest has been disclosed, Staff members are to take no further
action until the disclosure has been reviewed and approval is provided by one or more of
the following, depending on the type of Conflict of Interest involved: the Ethics team, the
Legal team, HR Business Partner or the Outsourcing & Resilience Oversight Committee
(‘OROCʼ)
● Staff members must promptly take action to eliminate a Conflict of Interest if SIL asks Staff
members to do so. When necessary, SIL will take appropriate action to manage the conflict
based on the circumstances.
● If Staff members seek guidance from their Lead, the Lead is to direct their Staff members
to the correct resource. If there is any violation or suspected violation of this Policy, to
include non-disclosures, the Code or applicable local law that a Lead becomes aware of,
the Lead must promptly report this. Leads may be held responsible if they donʼt report
misconduct;
● Potential Conflicts of Interest arising from potential outsourcing arrangements, to include
intra-group outsourcing, should be identified via the completion of due diligence. Please
refer to SILʼs Outsourcing Policy for more details. All such identified Conflicts of Interest
should be disclosed through the available channels detailed on the Conflicts of Interest
page.
● Any Director who is in any way directly or indirectly personally interested in a transaction
with SIL must disclose the nature and extent of that interest to the Board at the Board
meeting and the conflict shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. Such Director will
abstain from voting on any such transactions.
3

2.4. Evaluation and Management of Conflicts of Interest
The Ethics team is required to:
● Maintain a record of Conflicts on Interest in a case management system1
● Evaluate any Conflicts of Interest reported to them. Other relevant stakeholders may be
included in this evaluation in order to opine on whether a Conflict of Interest exists. These
additional stakeholders may include HR, Trust and Safety, Legal, Employee Relations, and
Outside Counsel, and the reporter's lead, depending on the nature of the Conflict of
Interest;
● Make a recommendation, based on the above mentioned evaluation and recommendations
from other relevant stakeholders as described above, as to the best course of action to
resolve, manage or avoid the Conflict of Interest, including further escalation to a higher
management authority where necessary, to include SILʼs OROC and or SILʼs Board. These
recommendations may include placing any required conditions on the approval of a
Conflict of Interest, such as the reporter recusing themselves from contract negotiations,
performance evaluations etc., where a Conflict of Interest exists ; and
● Maintain a record of all the above including the output of the Conflicts of Interest
evaluation.
SILʼs OROC is required to:
● Assess and manage Conflicts of Interest with regard to its outsourcing arrangements. Such
Conflicts of Interest are to be reported by Staff members to the Ethics team, for onward
escalation to the OROC.
● Assess and make a determination about any reported Conflicts of Interest with respect to
OSP, together with any recommendations from the Ethics team as to how to appropriately
manage/ prevent/ resolve the Conflicts of Interest provided by the Ethics team.
● Escalate a reported Conflict of Interest to the Board for its decisioning, in instances where
the OROC and the Ethics team (or other relevant stakeholder involved in the evaluation
process)are not in agreement as to the determination or management of such a Conflict of
Interest.
● Conduct interim reviews when changes occur that could reasonably be said to have
impacted decisions previously made in relation to Conflicts of Interest with OSP.
● Establish that, where outsourcing creates material conflicts of interest, including between
entities within Block Inc., group, SIL takes appropriate measures to manage those Conflicts
of Interest.
● Oversee the refresh review of OSP, performed on an annual basis, or sooner if deemed
appropriate, which includes any measure taken to resolve or manage any identified
Conflicts of Interest. Please see SILʼs Outsourcing Policy for more details on such ongoing
monitoring.
● Determine the criteria for measuring the effectiveness of measures taken to
manage/prevent/resolve a Conflict of Interest with OSP, to include the timelines involved,
and request input from the Ethics team as required.
1 Details of reported Conflicts of Interest are held on a ‘OneTrustʼ register monitored by the Ethics team. Details of reported
outside activity are held on a JIRA system, monitored by the Legal team
4

Some Conflicts of Interest are not permitted as a matter of law or regulation and others are permitted
so long as SIL has appropriate means by which to manage them. SIL may utilise a number of means
(which may be used individually or in combination) to manage a Conflict of Interest including:
● Policies, procedures, systems and controls which are described in Annex 2;
● or
● Avoidance of the service, activity or matter giving rise to the Conflict of Interest where the
Conflict of Interest cannot be prevented or managed effectively using other means.
● Where a Conflict of Interest relates to a SIL customer and cannot be reasonably avoided,
SIL must appropriately manage the conflict to minimise impact (to include making a
customer disclosure) and ensure through this management that the conflict does not
damage the interests of the customer.Disclosure designed to inform the affected parties of
the nature and source of the Conflict of Interest and its likely impact on them. Where such
a disclosure is required to be made to a SIL customer, it must be in writing, and the
customer must acknowledge, on paper or on another durable medium, that he or she
understands and wishes to proceed ;
In cases where there is an actual or perceived conflict, even if there is no line of authority
or reporting involved, SIL may, in its sole discretion, make alternative reporting or
decision-making arrangements, or may take appropriate action to resolve the conflict, to
the extent permitted by applicable local law.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
SIL operates a Three Lines of Defence (‘3LoDˮ) Model. All Staff Members are expected to comply
with this Policy, and the Code, including the Anti-Bribery and Corruption element of the Code at all
times. SIL is required to demonstrate that it took all reasonable steps and exercised all due diligence
in order to avoid Conflicts of Interest and the commission of a bribery or corruption offence.
Therefore, it is essential that all Staff Members and each line of defence understands its roles and
responsibilities in respect to this Policy.
● First Line of Defence (“Staffˮ or “Staff Membersˮ):
○ All Staff Members are responsible for identifying and managing Conflicts of Interest
on an ongoing basis and must:
■ Avoid Conflicts of Interest
■ If there is a situation that a Conflict of Interest has occurred or could
present a potential conflict, or the appearance of conflict, disclose it
through the available channels detailed on the Conflicts of Interest page, so
that it can be evaluated.
■ Avoid making a Conflict of Interest determination on their own, and instead
make a disclosure as mentioned above, in order for a fulsome evaluation to
be made.
5

■ Report breaches of this Policy to the Policy owner, the EU Chief Compliance
Office, or through Blockʼs dedicated Ethics Line.
● First Line of Defence (“Leadsˮ):
○ While the Code applies to all Staff Members, leads SILʼs term for managers) have a
deeper level of responsibility and must lead with integrity and reinforce Blockʼs
ethical culture. Leads are often the first resource for Staff Members who have
questions on ethical issues or potential violations of Block and SIL Policy. If unsure
of the best course of action, Leads are responsible for:
■ Ensuring the embedding and ongoing adherence to the Policy within their
area of accountability
■ Directing their Staff Members to the correct resource;
■ Promptly reporting any violation or suspected violation of this Policy, the
Code or applicable local law. Leads may be held responsible if they donʼt
report misconduct;
■ Creating an environment where others feel comfortable sharing concerns
and uphold the principle that Staff members reporting their concerns is
protected from retaliation;
■ Ensuring that any breaches of this Policy or non-declarations, which are
also considered breaches, are reported ;
■ Ensuring the Global Code of Conduct training is completed by all Staff
Members within their business unit on time.
● Second line of Defence Compliance):
○ Compliance, as the owner of this Policy will:
■ Carry out risk-based reviews of the implementation of this Policy, to include
the identification and investigation of breaches and the appropriate action
taken to address such breaches, as required;
■ Effectively communicate the Conflicts of Interest Policy to the Business;
■ Have an effective mechanism for identifying and reporting on
non-adherence of this Policy;
■ Report on related management information to the Regulatory Governance
Committee, the Outsourcing Oversight Committee and the SIL Board as
appropriate
● Second line of Defence Global Ethics Team):
○ The Global Ethics team, within Corporate Compliance (“the Ethics teamˮ) is
responsible for:
■ Monitoring the Conflicts of Interest register2
■ Assessing reported Conflict of Interest and making recommendations with
respect to the management/prevention of Conflicts of Interest
■ Developing and delivering Code of Conduct training to SIL Staff Members
● Third Line of Defence Internal Audit):
○ Internal Audit forms SILʼs third line of defence. The independent internal audit
function, employing a risk-based approach, provides assurance to the SIL Board
and senior management. This assurance covers how effectively SIL assesses and
2 Details of reported Conflicts of Interest are held on a ‘One Trustʼ register monitored by the Ethics team. Details of reported
outside activity are held on a JIRA system, monitored by the Legal team
6

manages its risks and includes assurance on the effectiveness of the first and
second lines of defence.
● SIL OROC
○ The OROC is to assess and manage Conflicts of interests with regard to its
outsourcing arrangements. This is to include any Conflicts of Interest relating to
current and proposed OSP.
● SIL Board Members (“The Boardˮ):
○ It is the role of The Board to monitor and manage potential Conflicts of Interest
between management, board members, shareholders, external advisors and other
service providers, including misuse of corporate assets.
○ The Board is also responsible for decisioning on reported Conflicts of Interest,
escalated by the OROC, in instances where the OROC and the Ethics team (or other
relevant stakeholder involved in the evaluation process) are not in agreement as to
the determination or management of such a Conflict of Interest.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
7

regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block, Inc. Code of Business Conduct & Ethics | Block (“the Codeˮ)
● Squareup International Limited SIL Outsourcing Policy
● Squareup International Limited Speak Up
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Danielle Car… EU Regulatory Creation May 2023
Program Manager
Elizabeth He… EU Chief Initial Appro… June 2023
Compliance
Officer
SIL Board Board Approval Initial Appro… Sept 2023
Danielle Regulatory Scheduled R… July 2024
Carmody Program Manager
8

Elizabeth Henry CCO Scheduled R… July 2024
SIL Board Board Approval Scheduled R… Sept 2024
Elizabeth Henry CCO Scheduled R… New policy March 2026
template; update
links and
references; and
to take account of
revised Consumer
Protection Code.
Changes include:
how disclosures
of Conflicts
(when required to
be made) are to
be made to
consumers; and
make it clear that
Conflicts relating
to fees,
commission,
other rewards or
remuneration
linked to the
achievement of
targets that do
not consider a
consumerʼs best
interests are to be
avoided.
SIL Board Scheduled R… March 30, 2026
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner EU Chief Compliance Officer
Approved By SIL Board
Document Tier Tier 2
9

Annex 1 Conflicts of Interest relationships and scenarios
● Relationships giving rise to Conflicts of Interest (non-exhaustive)
○ Conflicts of Interest under this Policy arise in a variety of relationships which are
often closely related and may overlap. This includes Conflicts of Interest that arise
between:
■ A customer and SIL, Block Inc, group entity, or a member of Staff;
■ SIL and a member of Staff or material shareholder;
■ SIL and a Block Inc., group entity; or
■ SIL and an OSP
● Conflicts of Interest scenarios (non-exhaustive): A non-exhaustive list of common
Conflicts of Interest scenarios is set out below.
○ Customer-related conflicts: A non exhaustive list of scenarios that give rise to
Conflicts of Interest relating to customers are listed below:
Scenario (where SIL, or SIL Potential/Actual Associated Causal Chain
Staff Members):
Is likely to make a financial gain Potential Competing interests;
or avoid financial loss at the Serving of Staff
expense of a customer; Such a Membersʼs interest at the
Conflict of Interest must be detriment of the customer.
avoided.
Has an interest in the outcome Actual Competing interests;
of a service provided to a Serving of Staff Membersʼs
customer or of a transaction interest at the detriment of
carried out on behalf of a the customer.
customer which is in opposition
with the customerʼs interest in
that outcome;
Has a financial or other Actual Competing interests;
incentive to favour the interest Serving of customersʼ
of a customer or group of interest at the detriment of
customers over the interests of other customers.
another customer;
Carries on the same business Potential Competing interests.
as a customer;
Has a financial or other Actual Competing interests;
incentive to favour the sale of a Serving of SILʼs interest at
particular product or service to the detriment of the
a customer which is not in the customer.
best interest of the customer
10

Scenario (where SIL, or SIL Potential/Actual Associated Causal Chain
Staff Members):
Block Inc. decisions may be in Actual If this is the case, there is a
the best interest of the group reasonably high likelihood that
but at the expense of loss of interests of SILʼs customers
profits, costs or other sacrifices may conflict with the interests
on the side of SIL. of Block Inc., or Block Inc.
group.
The Corporate Governance
team will evaluate each
potential instance and help
determine and confirm (where
possible) if any director of SIL
should abstain from voting.
○ SIL related Conflicts: A non exhaustive list of scenarios that give rise to Conflicts of
Interest relating to SIL are listed below:
Scenario Potential/ Actual Associated Causal Chain
Receiving or giving personal Potential & Perceived Could result in or be perceived
benefits such as gifts or as resulting in bias and
entertainment of more than favouritism in decision making,
modest value (as detailed in the as opposed to decisions being
Code) or personal discounts (if made on merit or objective
such discounts are not generally considerations
offered to the public) from a
potential or existing OSP,
vendor, business partner,
competitor or customer, as a
result of the Staff Memberʼs
position in the Company;
A Staff Memberʼs interest in the Potential Competing interests;
outcome of a particular activity Serving of Staff Memberʼs
or endeavour differs from the interest
SILʼs interest; at the detriment of SILʼs.
Staff Member (or, where Actual
applicable, a Family Member or Serving of Staff Memberʼs
Close Personal Relationship) interest
receives a financial or other at the detriment of SILʼs
significant benefit as a result of
the Staff Memberʼs position at
SIL that is inappropriate in
nature;
11

Scenario Potential/ Actual Associated Causal Chain
A Staff Memberʼs existing Potential Serving of Staff Memberʼs
financial or other interest or interest at the detriment of
previous engagement in an SILʼs
endeavour or activity or
relationship with another person,
impairs or could impair their
judgement or objectivity in
carrying out their duties and
responsibilities to SIL;
A Staff Member makes any Potential Competing interests;
significant investment or has Serving of Staff Memberʼs
any other significant financial interest
interests in any company that at the detriment of SILʼs.
has a business relationship with
SIL.
Potential and Perceived
SIL recruits and or supervises This could result in a Staff
(directly or indirectly) a Staff memberʼs family of friend being
memberʼs family or friend. hired on the basis of who they
know and not on their merit.
Staff Member considers taking Potential Competing interests;
on additional roles outside of SIL Serving of Staff Memberʼs
(including board positions) or interest
any existing affiliations with at the detriment of SILʼs.
competitors, customers or
suppliers
Potential
A Staff Member using their This may involve the use of
position in SIL to access SIL Staff memberʼs position to
accounts belonging to a Staff access information about Staff
Member, a co-worker, friend, or memberʼs friends or family.
family member, for purposes
outside of the Staff Memberʼs
role.
Actual and Perceived
Staff Members allow any of their This may involve favouritism or
personal connections or family nepotism and may harm SILʼs
members to receive a personal reputation and credibility.
benefit from the Staff Memberʼs
position at SIL or improperly
influence, or give the
appearance of improperly
influencing, the Staff Memberʼs
decision-making.
12

Scenario Potential/ Actual Associated Causal Chain
Potential
A potential recruit into a pre It may involve the sharing of
-approval controlled function confidential information.
role, has been previously
employed by a competitor and
as such held a professional and /
or commercial relationship in a
supervised entity within the last
5 years
Actual
Block Inc., instructs SIL to May harm SILʼs financial
engage into transactions that are interests and strategy
dictated by the interest of Block
Inc., or of Block group as a
whole, which are not directly in
the interest of SIL.
Actual
Block Inc., group strategies and May cause regulatory risk and
priorities are delivered by reputational damage to SIL.
centralised group OSPs, in a
manner that may not be fully
compliant with the local
regulatory requirements of SIL.
Potential
Where a SIL Director holds May be difficult for such a
various Directorships within the director to make impartial
Block Inc. Group, a conflict may decisions to the detriment of
occur as a result of intra-group SIL.
transactions in the ordinary
course of business.
13