Global Gifts and Entertainment Policy
Block Inc.
Last Approved: Mar 25, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 25, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: The Global Gifts and Entertainment Policy (the “Policyˮ) covers Block
Inc.ʼs requirements for managing business exchanges with Third Parties. Appropriate exchanges,
such as gifts, meals, or entertainment, can help build and maintain relationships. However, when
excessive, they may create unnecessary risk or conflicts for the organization. This Policy helps
Staff Members avoid risks such as corruption, bribery, influence peddling, conflicts of interest, and
kickbacks.
Block is committed to maintaining the highest standards of business and personal ethics, as set
forth in the Block Code of Conduct.
References to “Staff Memberˮ throughout this document include all full-time employees and
fixed-term and contingent workers, including interns, temps, consultants, vendors, Third Party
providers, and contractors.
This Policy is designed to help prevent conflicts of interest, undue influence, and situations that
may be perceived as corruption. Complying with this Policy protects Blockʼs reputation for
conducting business with integrity and safeguards Staff Members and their personal integrity.
Scope: This Policy applies to Block Inc. (“Blockˮ) and its subsidiaries globally. It extends to Block
officers, directors, temporary workers, third parties representing Block, and Block Staff Members.
If Staff Members have any questions about a situation not covered in this Policy, they should
contact Compliance at gifts@.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Approval Formal, written, permission to offer, give, or receive a gift or entertainment.
1

Disclosure Form An online form, available at go/disclose, that Staff Members must use to
disclose and seek approval for gifts and entertainment offers as outlined in
this policy.
Government All staff of national, state, provincial, and local governments and all their
Officials departments and agencies, from high-level officials to the low-level staff.
Government Officials also include staff of government-owned or
state-controlled entities (“SOEsˮ) – that is, staff of companies and
organizations that may not explicitly be a part of the government but that are
owned or controlled by the government.
Staff Member An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired by
the Company who supports the operations covered by this Policy.
Third Party Any person or business that has a perspective, potential, current business
relationship with Block or our subsidiaries.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Key Considerations for Business Exchanges
This Policy is designed to help prevent conflicts of interest, undue influence, and situations that may
be perceived as corruption. Complying with this Policy protects Blockʼs reputation for conducting
business with integrity and safeguards Staff Members and their personal integrity.
Careful consideration should be given to the following factors when Staff Members are offered
gifts, meals, or entertainment:
● Whether the exchange creates a potential conflict of interest or undue influence.
● The appropriateness of the offer in the business context.
● Whether the offer exceeds the established thresholds.
If Staff Members are unsure if a business exchange is appropriate, they must:
● Consult with their manager;
● Seek advice from Compliance; and
● If there is not enough time to obtain advice or approval, Staff Members must politely
decline.
2

Disclose any gift or entertainment offer valued over $250 USD1 at go/disclose
For guidance and questions, reach out to the Compliance at gifts@.
2.2. Types of Business Exchanges
2.2.1 Gifts
Items of value exchanged between Block and a Third Party. In general, acceptable gifts include:
● Merchandise (e.g., gift baskets, wine, clothing, pens, hospitality bags); and
● Reasonably priced tickets to sporting, cultural, or business events where Block Staff
Members and the Third Party do not attend together.
2.2.2 Entertainment
Experiences or events exchanged between Block and a Third Party, including:
● Appetizers, entrees, drinks, desserts, and other food/beverages; and
● Reasonably priced tickets to sporting, cultural, or business events where Block Staff
Members and the Third Party attend together.
2.3. Disclosure and Approval Requirements
Any gift or entertainment offer valued over $250 USD, or multiple gifts in one year from the same
Third Party where the total value exceeds $250, must be disclosed and approved. Additionally, any
offer that meets the criteria of the Restricted Exchanges section below must be disclosed and
approved prior to accepting, regardless of value. Staff Members must submit their disclosure using
the online form at go/disclose in a timely fashion to provide for review and approval.
In urgent cases, where prior approval isnʼt possible, Staff Members must follow up with a disclosure
immediately after the event. Such situations should be infrequent and disclosed in good faith.
For meals or entertainment accepted without prior approval (e.g., spontaneous invitations during
meetings), Staff Members must report it, in a timely manner, if it exceeds the $250 threshold or
seems excessive.
1 Or equivalent value in local currency. Visit go/gifts for more information and a currency converter tool.
3

2.4. Exclusions
2.4.1 Exchanges Related to Marketing Programs
Proposed gifts or payments related to customer marketing, research, incentive, or rewards programs
are not covered by this Policy. These programs require separate review and approval by Legal and
Compliance due to their complexity and risks.
2.4.2 Contractually Stipulated Exchanges
Proposed gift or entertainment offers that are established as provision of the terms of a contract
between Block and a Third Party are not covered by this Policy. Examples of these types of
exchanges included mandatory training, networking, business events, promotional tickets to events
where the Third Party or Block are a sponsor and receive an allocated number of tickets as part of
the arrangement. Such exchanges are governed by the terms of the contract agreed to between
Block and the Third Party.
2.4.3 Exchanges Between Block Staff Members
Offers between Block Staff Members are not subject to this policy.
2.5. Prohibited and Restricted Exchanges
While business exchanges can foster strong relationships, certain types of offers and interactions
create risks that may compromise Block's integrity and reputation. To maintain high ethical standards
and avoid potential conflicts of interest, the following exchanges are strictly prohibited or subject to
additional restrictions, reviews, and approvals. These rules apply to both offers made by Block Staff
Members and those received from third parties.
2.5.1 Prohibited Exchanges
● Exchange of cash or cash equivalents (e.g., pre-paid general use debit cards);
● Soliciting any gift or entertainment exchange from a Third Party;
● Expenses related to Third Party payment or reimbursement for Staff Members travel and
accommodations;
● Lavish or excessive gifts and entertainment offers must be politely declined. Compliance, in
its sole discretion, will determine if a gift or entertainment offer is considered excessive or
inappropriate given the circumstances surrounding the offer;
4

● Favorable pricing, preferential treatment, or business offers not available to the general
public; and
● Any offer, regardless of value, that is intended as a facilitation payment, bribe, or kickback.
2.5.2 Restricted Exchanges
Some offers present heightened risk factors that require additional levels of due diligence and review
to ensure that offers that could give rise to the appearance of a conflict are done so transparently,
ethically, and with the best interests of Block in mind. The following exchanges must always be
disclosed, regardless of value.
● Any offer valued over $250 USD or exchanges with the same third party where the
aggregate value exceeds $250 USD in a 12 month period;
● Gifts, meals, or entertainment offered to Government Officials are subject to additional
restrictions. Staff Members must submit a disclosure and consult with Compliance before
offering anything to Government Officials; and
● Any offer with a Third Party who is currently negotiating a contract with Block must be
submitted. Staff Members must not accept any gifts, meals, or entertainment from Third
Parties if they have signature authority on the behalf of Block or have influence over
business negotiations.
2.5.3 Return or Donation of Prohibited Gifts
If Staff Members receive an inappropriate or prohibited gift, they must immediately report it to
Compliance. For guidance on handling such offers, Staff Members can contact Compliance to
determine whether a gift should be returned, donated, or otherwise managed.
2.5.4 Attendance by Non-Block Staff Members
Generally, non-Block Staff Members (e.g., the partner, spouse, friend, or child of a Block Staff
Members member) may not attend events provided by a Third Party. Some exceptions may exist if
the guest is necessary to assist Staff Members with the business purpose of the event. Please check
with Compliance if Staff Members believe this to be the case.
2.6. Guidelines for Conference and Event Participation
Offers to pay for conference fees by Third Parties must be disclosed and approved in advance in
accordance with the guidance above. Meals and entertainment during business-related events must
5

comply with the policy guidelines. Travel and accommodations must always be booked through
Blockʼs travel system and cannot be paid for by Third Parties.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.2. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
6

3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
● Gift and Entertainment Procedure
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Matt Latham Global Ethics Creation Document November 24,
Landon Team Created 2023
Geurkink
Landon Global Ethics Initial Appro… Approval November 24,
Geurkink Lead 2023
Matt Latham Global Ethics Immaterial C… Updated December 11,
Team definition of Third 2023
Party to include
perspective,
potential, and
former business
relationships.
John Alfano Global Policy & Scheduled R… The ethics policy January 6, 2025
Governance Lead was streamlined
to clarify
prohibited
exchanges that
could be
interpreted as a
7

bribe or kickback
(e.g., cash or
cash equivalents)
while allowing
flexibility for
business-critical
decisions.
Exchanges over
$250 will be
monitored to
manage
anti-bribery and
corruption risks,
balancing value
and risk for the
company and
employees.
Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Annual review, March 25, 2026
Policy Policy Committee updated template,
Committee no material
changes
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner Global Ethics Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
8