Squareup Europe Limited
Conflicts of Interest Policy
Last Approved: Sep 29, 2025
Effective Date: Sep 29, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Squareup Europe Limited (“SELˮ) is an authorised Electronic Money
Institution, regulated and supervised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCAˮ) under Firm
Reference Number 900846. The indirect and ultimate parent company is Block, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and a merchant services aggregator and mobile payments company based in the
United States of America.
This Conflicts of Interest Policy (“Policyˮ) outlines SELʼs approach to identifying, managing, and
mitigating conflicts of interest within the firm.
SEL is dedicated to adhering to the principles of fair treatment and good outcomes for Customers,
conducting itself with honesty, fairness, and professionalism, and acting in the best interests of its
Customers. An important element of these principles is that SEL has appropriate arrangements in
place to prevent Conflicts of Interest from adversely affecting the interests of SELʼs Customers.
This Policy provides a clear statement of the standards around identifying, documenting,
escalating and managing or preventing Conflicts of Interest. The objective of this Policy is to
communicate SELʼs requirements regarding Conflicts of Interest and to advise all Staff Members of
their obligation to disclose Conflicts of Interests and maintain high ethical standards.
SEL and its Staff Members must maintain the highest possible standards of integrity in business
relationships, both inside and outside the organization. Staff Members must:
● Reject any business practice which might be deemed improper (including practices that
might benefit SEL where there is a Conflict of Interest);
● Never use authority or position for personal gain;
● Act at all times with impartiality, independence, and integrity; and
● Avoid being, or giving the appearance of being, in a position which may result in actual or
perceived detriment to SEL's reputation and/or interests.
Staff Members must take all reasonable and appropriate steps to prevent or avoid situations where
a Conflict of Interest may happen, potentially arise, or have been perceived to have happened. It is
not enough to rely solely on the disclosure and recording of (actual, potential or perceived)

conflicts. Proactive steps must be taken to prevent Conflicts of Interest from occurring in the first
place and to ensure that personal interests do not conflict with the wider interests of SEL or its
Customers at any time.
Staff are personally accountable for disclosing Conflicts of Interest and/or seeking direction on any
issues which could potentially conflict with Staff responsibilities to SEL as they arise in line with the
Policy Requirements Section 3 of this Policy. Where Conflicts of Interest are not properly managed,
there may be serious consequences for SEL and for all those involved. In extreme cases, Conflicts
of Interest may facilitate fraud, corruption, or other serious issues. Furthermore, they have the
potential to negatively impact the business and tarnish the reputation of SEL. The person
responsible could be subject to disciplinary action internally with SEL, or criminal sanctions
externally (e.g. if it is deemed to be bribery or corruption).
Scope: This Policy is established by SEL and is applicable to all SEL Staff Members. SEL requires
all Staff Members to adhere to the standards set out in this Policy and any other SEL and Block
Inc., standards which seek to prevent and manage Conflicts of Interest. Failure to comply with this
Policy may result in disciplinary and/or legal action. As a member of the Block Inc. Group, SEL is
subject to the Block, Inc. Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (“the Codeˮ) and Global
Conflicts of Interest Policy and should read this Policy in connection with the Code and Global
Conflicts of interest. If there is any conflict between the Code and applicable local law, the most
restrictive requirement must be followed.
Additionally, SEL requires Outsource Service Providers (“OSPˮ) to communicate and make their
Staff aware of their responsibilities under this Policy and to monitor the implementation of this
Policy.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Conflict of Interest Is a situation where one or more persons or entities have competing
interests and the serving of one interest may involve detriment to another.
In terms of Block Inc, Conflicts of Interest occur when Personal interests
are in potential conflict with an employeeʼs role and work at Block.
Outsource Service Are considered as a third-party entity that is undertaking an outsourced
Providers (“OSPˮ) process, service or activity, or parts thereof, under an outsourcing
arrangement on behalf of SEL. The term refers to both external third party
service providers and intra/inter group service providers.
Staff Member(s)/ All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
Staff operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and include interns,
temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and
contractors.
An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labour, contractors) hired
by SEL who supports the operations covered by this Policy.

Close Personal Includes family members (e.g., spouse, domestic partner, parent,
Relationship son/daughter, sibling, grandparent, aunt/uncle, niece/nephew, cousin,
step/half/or in-law relation, etc.), individuals living in the same household,
individuals with whom an individual has a personal relationship of an
intimate or romantic nature, or any other person with whom the individual
has such a close bond that could impair, or appear to impair the
individual's objectivity.
Personal Interest Means a Block employee's situation or circumstances outside Block that
could create, potentially create or appear to create a financial or other
benefit to the employee or their Close Personal Relationship.
Customers A Customer is defined as all SEL Cash App users and SEL Square
merchants, including potential Customers, where appropriate.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1 Conflicts of Interest
A Conflict of Interest occurs when competing interests impair the ability to make an objective,
unbiased decision that impacts professional duties or SELʼs interests.
Conflicts of interest can arise in many situations, including Personal Relationships with family and
friends, activities outside of work (such as secondary employment), financial interests in or
board/advisory positions with companies that do business or compete with SEL or Block, and
business opportunities that employees may learn about through their position in SEL or Block.
Conflicts of Interest under this Policy includes the following:
● Actual: these are Conflicts of Interest where there is an actual conflict between an
employeeʼs duties or responsibilities to SEL or Block and any external interest;
● Potential: these are conflicts which may materialise in the future based on current
circumstances or forecasted changes in circumstances;
● Perceived: these are Conflicts of Interest where a reasonable person would view that,
based on available information, there may be a conflict; and
● Where direct Conflicts of Interest may not in fact exist.
To assist in the identification of Conflicts of Interest, Annex 1 includes non-exhaustive lists of (i)
relationships where Conflicts of Interest may arise and (ii) Conflicts of Interest scenarios, as well as
(iii) a sample of specific examples of circumstances in which these Conflicts of Interest arise.
2.2 Regulatory Requirements
Conflicts of Interest represent a key element of conduct risk and consumer protection risk. The
identification, monitoring, management and mitigation of Conflicts of Interest are critical to the
development of a robust conduct risk environment. SEL has a number of regulatory requirements
pertaining to Conflicts of Interest, including regulations such as the “FCA Handbook SYSC 10

Conflicts of Interestˮ, and “European Banking Authority Guidelines on Outsourcing Arrangementsˮ,
and as such SEL is expected to have established processes and controls in place for Conflicts of
Interest management.
2.3 Identification and reporting
Employees are required to disclose Conflicts of Interest, as described in this policy, as soon as
possible. This includes any situation in which an employee is involved, or plans to become
involved, which could result in an actual, perceived, or potential Conflict of Interest. Once the
conflict has been disclosed, no action should be taken until the disclosure has been reviewed and
a decision is provided.
● All Conflicts of Interest, or transactions or relationships that could give rise to Conflicts of
Interest must be disclosed immediately. This requirement extends to any interest or
relationships involving all Staff, their immediate family members or any other individual with
whom they have Close Personal Relationships. All Staff are expected to exercise good
judgement and common sense in anticipating situations that may give rise toConflicts of
Interest. Staff and other persons working on behalf of SEL who believe they may have
Conflicts of Interest, become aware of a potential Conflicts of Interest with others, or are
uncertain as to whether the potential for a Conflict of Interest actually exists must disclose
it using the reporting channels described below:
Disclose your potential Conflict of Interest by visiting:
go/oar for Outside Activity Requests
go/disclose for all other Conflicts of Interest
For guidance and questions, reach out to Compliance at ethics@; and,
employment-legal@ for questions regarding OARs.
● Once a Conflict of Interest has been disclosed, Staff are to take no further action until the
disclosure has been reviewed and approval is provided by one or more of the following,
depending on the type of conflict involved: the Ethics team, the Legal team, HR Business
Partner or the Outsourcing Oversight Committee (“OCCˮ).
● Staff must promptly take action to eliminate a Conflict of Interest if SEL asks Staff to do so.
When necessary, SEL will take appropriate action to manage the conflict based on the
circumstances.
● If Staff seek guidance from their Lead, the Lead is to direct their Staff to the correct
resource. If there is any violation or suspected violation of this Policy, to include
non-disclosures, the Code or law that a Lead becomes aware of, the Lead must promptly
report this. Leads may be held responsible if they do not report misconduct.
● Potential Conflicts of Interest arising from potential outsourcing arrangements, to include
intra-group outsourcing, should be identified via the completion of due diligence. Please
refer to SELʼs Outsourcing Policy for more details. All such identified Conflicts of Interest
should be disclosed through the available channels detailed above.
● Any Director who is in any way directly or indirectly personally interested in a transaction
with SEL must disclose the nature and extent of that interest to the Corporate Governance
team and the Board at the Board meeting and the conflict shall be recorded in the minutes
of the meeting. Such Director will abstain from voting on any such transactions.

2.4 Evaluation and Management of Conflicts of Interest
● The Ethics team is required to:
○ Maintain a record of Conflicts on Interest in the management system;
○ Evaluate any Conflicts of Interest reported to them. Other relevant stakeholders may be
included in this evaluation in order to opine on whether a Conflict Of Interest exists.
These additional stakeholders may include HR, Trust and Safety, Legal, Employee
Relations, and Outside Counsel, and the reporter's lead, depending on the nature of the
Conflict of Interest;
○ Make a recommendation, based on the above mentioned evaluation and
recommendations from other relevant stakeholders as described above, as to the best
course of action to resolve, manage or avoid the Conflict of Interest, including further
escalation to a higher management authority where necessary, to include SELʼs OOC
and or SEL Board. These recommendations may include placing any required
conditions on the approval of a Conflict of Interest, such as the reporter recusing
themselves from contract negotiations, performance evaluations etc., where a Conflict
of Interest exists; and
○ Maintain a record of all the above including the output of the Conflicts of Interest
evaluation.
● The OOC is required to:
○ Assess and manage Conflicts of Interest with regard to its outsourcing arrangements.
Such Conflicts of Interest are to be reported by Staff to the Ethics team, for onward
escalation to the OOC;
○ Assess and make a determination about any reported Conflicts of Interest with respect
to OSP, together with any recommendations from the Ethics team as to how to manage/
prevent/ resolve the Conflicts of Interest provided by the Ethics team;
○ Escalate a reported Conflict of Interest to the Board for its review, in instances where
the OOC and the Ethics team (or other relevant stakeholder involved in the evaluation
process) are not in agreement as to the determination or management of such a
Conflict of Interest;.
○ Conduct interim reviews when changes occur that could reasonably be said to have
impacted decisions previously made in relation to Conflicts of Interest with OSP;
○ Establish that, where outsourcing creates material conflicts of interest, including
between entities within Block Inc., group SEL takes appropriate measures to manage
those Conflicts of Interest;
○ Oversee the refresh review of OSP, performed on an annual basis, or sooner if deemed
appropriate, which includes any measure taken to resolve or manage any identified
Conflicts of Interest. Please see SELʼs Outsourcing Policy for more details on such
ongoing monitoring;and
○ Determine the criteria for measuring the effectiveness of measures taken to
manage/prevent/resolve a Conflict of Interest with OSP, to include the timelines
involved, and request input from the Ethics team as required.

Some Conflicts of Interest are not permitted as a matter of law or regulation and others are permitted
so long as SEL has appropriate means by which to manage them. SEL may utilise a number of means
(individually or in combination) to manage Conflicts of Interest including:
● Policies, procedures systems and controls which are described in Annex 2;
● Disclosure design to inform the affected parties of the Conflicts of Interest and its likely impact
on them; or
● Avoidance of the service, activity or matter giving rise to the Conflicts of Interest where the
Conflicts of Interest cannot be prevented or managed effectively using other means.
In cases where there is an actual or perceived conflict, even if there is no line of authority or reporting
involved, SEL may, in its sole discretion, make alternative reporting or decision-making arrangements,
or may take appropriate action to resolve the conflict, to the extent permitted by applicable local law.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
SEL operates a Three Lines of Defence (‘3LoDʼ) Model. Staff are expected to comply with this
Policy, and the Code including the Anti-Bribery and Corruption element of the Code and Global
Conflict of Interest Policy at all times. SEL is required to demonstrate that it took all reasonable
steps and exercised all due diligence in order to avoid Conflicts of Interest and the commission of a
bribery or corruption offence. Therefore, it is essential that all Staff Members and each line of
defence understands its roles and responsibilities in respect to this Policy.
First Line of Defence:
● Staff or Staff Members: All Staff are responsible for identifying and managing Conflicts of
Interest on an ongoing basis and must:
○ Avoid Conflicts of Interest;
○ If there is a situation wherein a Conflict Of Interest has occurred or could present a
potential conflict, or the appearance of conflict, disclose it through the available
channels detailed on the Conflicts of Interest page, so that it can be evaluated;
○ Avoid making a Conflict Of Interest determination on their own, and instead make a
disclosure as mentioned above, in order for a fulsome evaluation to be made; and
○ Report breaches of this Policy to the Policy owner, the UK Head of Compliance and
Money Laundering Reporting Officer (“MLROˮ).
● Leads : While the Code applies to all Staff, Leads SELʼs term for managers) have a deeper
level of responsibility and must lead with integrity and reinforce Blockʼs ethical culture.
Leads are often the first resource for Staff who have questions on ethical issues or
potential violations of Block and SEL Policy. If unsure of the best course of action, Leads
are responsible for:
○ Ensuring the embedding and ongoing adherence to the Policy within their area of
accountability;
○ Directing their Staff to the correct resource;

○ Promptly reporting any violation or suspected violation of this Policy, the Code or
law. Leads may be held responsible if they donʼt report misconduct;
○ Creating an environment where others feel comfortable sharing concerns and
uphold the principle that Staff reporting their concerns is protected from retaliation;
○ Ensuring that any breaches of this Policy or non-declarations, which are also
considered breaches, are reported; and
○ Ensuring the Global Code of Conduct training is completed by all Staff within their
business unit on time.
Second Line of Defence:
● Compliance: Compliance, as the owner of this Policy will:
○ Carry out risk-based reviews of the implementation of this Policy, to include the
identification and investigation of breaches and the appropriate action taken to
address such breaches, as required;
○ Effectively communicate Conflicts of Interest Policy to the Business;
○ Have an effective mechanism for identifying and reporting on non-adherence of
this Policy; and
○ Report on related management information to the Regulatory Governance
Committee, the Outsourcing Oversight Committee and the SEL Board as
appropriate.
● Global Ethics team: The Global Ethics team, within Corporate Compliance (“the Ethics
teamˮ) is responsible for:
○ Monitoring the Conflicts of Interest register;
○ Assessing reported Conflicts of Interest and making recommendations with respect
to the management/prevention of Conflicts of Interest; and
○ Developing and delivering Code of Conduct training to SEL Staff.
Third Line of Defence Internal Audit): Internal Audit forms SELʼs third line of defence. The
independent internal audit function, employing a risk-based approach, provides assurance to the
SEL Board and senior management. This assurance covers how effectively SEL assesses and
manages its risks and includes assurance on the effectiveness of the first and second lines of
defence.
SEL Outsourcing Oversight Committee (“OOCˮ): The OOC is to assess and manage Conflicts of
interest with regard to its outsourcing arrangements. This is to include any Conflicts of Interest
relating to current and proposed OSP.
SEL Board Members (“ Boardˮ): It is the role of the Board to review potential Conflicts of Interest
between management, board members, shareholders, external advisors and other service
providers, including misuse of corporate assets. The Board is also responsible for reviewing
decisions regarding reported Conflicts of Interest, escalated by the OOC, in instances where the
OOC and the Ethics team (or other relevant stakeholder involved in the evaluation process) are not
in agreement as to the determination or management of such a Conflict of Interest.

3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaint
3.3 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Block
Inc and on a need-to-know basis.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block, Inc. Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (“the Codeˮ)
● Squareup Europe Limited SEL Outsourcing Policy
● Squareup Europe Limited Speak Up Policy
● Global Conflicts of Interest Policy

● Global Conflicts of Interest Decision Framework
● Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Danielle Carm… EU Regulatory Creation Creation of the May 2023
Program Manager Policy
Elizabeth Henry Interim UK Head Initial Approval Approved the June 2023
of Compliance Policy
and MLRO
SEL Board Board Approval Initial Approval Approved the September
Policy 2023
Elizabeth Henry Interim UK Head Scheduled R… Approved the August 8, 2024
of Compliance Policy for its
and MLRO Annual Review
SEL Board Board Approval Scheduled R… Approved the September 23,
Policy 2024
Ryan Goldstone UK Head of Scheduled R… Approved the Aug 11, 2025
Compliance and Policy for its
MLRO Annual Review
SEL Board Board Approval Scheduled R… Approved the Sep 29, 2025
Policy
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope United Kingdom
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner UK Head of Compliance and MLRO
Approved By SEL Board
Document Tier Tier 2

Annex 1 Conflicts On Interest relationships and scenarios
A. Relationship giving rise to Conflicts of Interest (non-exhaustive)
Conflicts of Interest under this Policy arise in a variety of relationships which are often closely
related and may overlap. This includes Conflicts of Interest that arise between:
● A Customer and SEL, Block Inc, group entity, or a member of Staff;
● SEL and a member of Staff or material shareholder;
● SEL and a Block Inc., group entity; or
● SEL and an OSP
B. Conflicts of Interest scenarios (non-exhaustive)
A non-exhaustive list of common Conflicts of Interest scenarios is set out below.
1. Customer-related conflicts
A non exhaustive list of scenarios that give rise to Conflicts of Interest relating to Customers
are listed below:
Scenario - where SEL, or SEL Staff Potential/ Actual Associated Causal Chain
Members:
Is likely to make a financial gain or Potential Competing interests; Serving of
avoid financial loss at the expense of Staffʼs interest at the detriment of
a Customer; the Customer.
Has an interest in the outcome of a Actual Competing interests; Serving of
service provided to a Customer or of Staffʼs interest at the detriment of
a transaction carried out on behalf of the Customer.
a Customer which is in opposition
from the Customerʼs interest in that
outcome;
Has a financial or other incentive to Actual Competing interests; Serving of
favour the interest of a Customer or Customersʼ interest at the
group of Customers over the detriment of other Customers.
interests of another Customer;
Carries on the same business as a Potential Competing interests.
Customer;
Has a financial or other incentive to Actual Competing interests; Serving of
favour the sale of a particular product SELʼs interest at the detriment of
the Customer.

or service to a Customer which is not
in the best interest of the Customer;
Block Inc. decisions may be in the Actual If this is the case, there is a
best interest of the group but at the reasonably high likelihood that the
expense of loss of profits, costs or interests of SELʼs Customers may
other sacrifices on the side of SEL. conflict with the interests of Block
Inc., or Block Inc. group.
The Corporate Governance team
will evaluate each potential instance
and help determine and confirm
(where possible) if any director of
SEL should abstain from voting.
2. SEL related conflicts
A non exhaustive list of scenarios that give rise to Conflicts of Interest relating to SEL are listed
below:
Scenario Potential/ Actual Associated Causal Chain
Receiving or giving personal Potential and Could result in or be perceived as
benefits such as gifts or Perceived resulting in bias and favouritism in
entertainment of more than modest decision making, as opposed to
value (as detailed in the Code) or decisions being made on merit or
personal discounts (if such objective considerations
discounts are not generally offered
to the public) from a potential or
existing OSP, vendor, business
partner, competitor or Customer, as
a result of the Staff Memberʼs
position in the Company;
A Staff Memberʼs interest in the Potential Competing interests; Serving of
outcome of a particular activity or Staffʼs interest at the detriment of
SELʼs.

endeavour differs from the SELʼs
interest;
Staff Member (or, where applicable, Actual Serving of Staffʼs interest at the
a Family Member or Close Personal detriment of SELʼs
Relationship) receives a loan,
financial or other significant benefit
as a result of the Staff Memberʼs
position at SEL that is inappropriate
in nature;
A Staff Memberʼs existing financial Potential Serving of Staffʼs interest at the
or other interest or previous detriment of SELʼs
engagement in an endeavour or
activity or relationship with another
person, impairs or could impair their
judgement or objectivity in carrying
out their duties and responsibilities
to SEL;
A Staff Member makes any Potential Competing interests; Serving of
significant investment or has any Staffʼs interest at the detriment of
other significant financial interests SELʼs.
in any company that has a business
relationship with SEL.
SEL recruits and or supervises Potential and This could result in Staff Memberʼs
(directly or indirectly) a Staff Perceived family or friends being hired on the
Memberʼs family or friend. basis of who they know and not on
their merit.
Staff Member considers taking on Potential Competing interests; Serving of
additional roles outside of SEL Staffʼs interest at the detriment of
(including board positions) or any SELʼs.
existing affiliations with competitors,
Customers or suppliers

A Staff Member using their position Potential This may involve the use of Staffʼs
in SEL to access SEL accounts position to access information
belonging to a Staff Member, a about Staffʼs friends or family.
co-worker, friend, or family
member, for purposes outside of the
Staffʼs role.
Staff Members allow any of their Actual and This may involve favoritism or
personal connections or family Perceived nepotism and may harm SELʼs
members to receive a personal reputation and credibility.
benefit from the Staff Memberʼs
position at SEL or improperly
influence, or give the appearance of
improperly influencing, the Staff
Memberʼs decision-making.
A potential recruit into a senior role, Potential It may involve the sharing of
has been previously employed by a confidential information.
competitor and as such held a
professional and / or commercial
relationship in a supervised entity
within the last 5 years
Block Inc., instructs SEL to engage Actual May harm SELʼs financial interests
into transactions that are dictated and strategy.
by the interest of Block Inc., or of
Block group as a whole, which are
not directly in the interest of SEL.
Block Inc., group strategies and Actual May cause regulatory risk and
priorities are delivered by reputational damage to SEL.
centralised group OSPs, in a manner
that may not be fully compliant with
the local regulatory requirements of
SEL.

Where a SEL Director holds various Potential It may be difficult for such a
Directors, conflict may occur as a director to make impartial
result of intra-group transactions in decisions to the detriment of SEL.
the ordinary course of business.
The Corporate Governance team
will evaluate each potential
instance and help determine and
confirm (where possible) the
directorʼs ability to make impartial
decisions.
Where a Staff holds Directorships Potential It may be difficult for such a
with Block vendors, Customers, director to make impartial
outsourcers, or competitors. decisions to the detriment of SEL.
Annex 2 Description of policies, procedures, systems and controls
relating to Conflicts of Interest
1. General Policies, Procedures, Systems and Controls (non-exhaustive list)
1.1. Escalation: SEL operates internal escalation processes for Conflicts of Interest as detailed in
Sections 3.4 and 3.4. The escalation processes are required to enable the Conflicts Of Interest to
be escalated on a timely basis and considered at an appropriate level of seniority and by the
correct stakeholders to arrive at the most appropriate resolution.
1.2. Speak Up: SEL provides appropriate channels, detailed in the Code and SELʼs Speak Up
Policy, through which a good faith concern regarding Conflicts of Interest can be made. This
includes an Ethics Line at ethics.block.xyz which provides options for Staff to report concerns
anonymously. Additional information and guidance can be found in SELʼs Speak Up Policy.
1.3. Outside Activities: A Conflict Of Interest may arise between an Employeeʼs outside activities
and the interests of SEL and its Customers. The Outside Activities Policy imposes disclosure and
approval requirements, enabling the identification, management and, where necessary,
prohibition of outside activities that may give rise to Conflicts of Interest. A log of outside activities
is maintained by the Legal team, which is reviewed periodically and utilised for conflicts
management purposes.
1.4. Insider Trading: Staff may not trade or enable others to trade Block stock or stock of another
company, such as a Customer, supplier, competitor, potential acquisition target or alliance, while
in possession of material nonpublic information about SEL or Block Inc. Insider trading not only
violates the Code, it also violates the law and can result in criminal consequences. Staff are to
abide by the Code and Blockʼs Insider Trading Policy (which explains the risks of insider trading

and trading windows when Staff may not trade Block stock). There is a channel, by way of
insider@, available for Staff to have any questions answered as to whether information is material
or has been adequately disclosed.
1.5. Gifts and Entertainment: A Conflict of Interest may arise where a Staff Member receives or
offers a gift or entertainment that constitutes an inappropriate incentive for a Staff Member, Third
Party Representative, Customer or vendor to act in a certain way. The Code does not permit the
offering or acceptance of gifts or entertainment by Staff unless it is reasonable, proportionate and
for a legitimate business purpose. Where applicable, Employees must disclose a gift and
entertainment offer using the Disclosure Tool. Additional information and guidance can be found
in the Code and Blockʼs Gifts and Entertainment Policy which should be reviewed prior to any
activity related to gifts or entertainment occurring.
1.6. Vendors and OSPs: Conflicts of Interest may arise in SELʼs interaction with vendors and
OSPs where, for example, a Staff Member involved in the procurement or hiring process has a
close relationship with a particular vendor or OSP.
With respect to vendors and non-Block Inc., group OSPs, SEL abides by a Block Global Procure to
Pay Policy and operates multiple systems, controls, policies and procedures to manage these
interactions, including due diligence requirements and contractual arrangements.
The OOC is responsible for the review and approval of due diligence performed with respect of all
prospective OSPs before SEL enters into any outsourcing arrangement. The consideration of
Conflicts of Interest is a mandatory component of such due diligence. Furthermore, the SEL
Outsourcing Policy provides for a refresh of the primary outsourcing documents to include due
diligence (which considers Conflicts of Interest) to be performed on an annual basis, or sooner if
deemed appropriate.
There is a defined process to consider armʼs length condition requirement before commencing
outsourcing arrangements with Block Inc. group entities, detailed in SELʼs Outsourcing Policy.