Speak Up Policy
Squareup International Limited
Last Approved: December 8, 2025
Effective Date: December 8, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Speak Up Policy ("Policy") outlines SIL's approach to Protected
Disclosures. Staff are to adhere to this Policy along with Block, Inc.'s ("Block") Global Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code") if they become aware of information which suggests
that wrongdoing (as described in Section 2.1 may have happened or may happen if steps are not
taken to address it. The EU Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO") is responsible for the management
of this Policy.
SIL conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this
Policy is to further SIL's commitment to maintaining the highest standards of honesty, openness
and accountability and recognises that all Staff have an important role to play in achieving this
purpose.
SIL strives to conduct its business honestly and with integrity at all times. SIL culture is to
encourage Staff to raise concerns of wrongdoing without fear of retaliation. This Policy and the
Code guide Staff on how to raise any matters of genuine concern. SIL will not tolerate retaliation
against or penalisation of anyone who uses this Policy correctly to raise concerns.
Scope: This Policy is established by SIL and applies to all Staff, who acquire information in respect
of a relevant wrongdoing (as described in Section 2.1 in a work-related context.
Definitions
Term Definition
Staff All Squareup International Limited (“SILˮ) workers including current and
former employees, officers, directors, consultants, independent
contractors, trainees, interns, work experience trainees, part-time and
fixed-term workers, casual and agency Staff, volunteers and executive
and non-executive directors of the board of SIL. This includes those who
are in a recruitment or other pre-contractual negotiation with SIL.
1

Term Definition
Protected A Protected Disclosure is a disclosure made by Staff of relevant
Disclosure information in accordance with law or this Policy, which in the Staff's
reasonable belief, tends to show one or more relevant wrongdoings.
Designated Person The EU Chief Compliance Officer is the Designated Person for the
purposes of this Policy and, as such, is responsible for responding to
reports of matters or concerns under this Policy.
Reporter A Reporter is a member of Staff that reports matters or concerns under
this Policy via internal reporting channels.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1 Protected Disclosures
Protected Disclosures involve the disclosure of relevant information, which in the Staff's
reasonable belief, tends to show one or more relevant wrongdoings. A Relevant Wrongdoing in
relation to the workplace means that:
● An offence has been committed or is being or is likely to be committed;
● A person has failed, is failing or is likely to fail to comply with any legal obligation (other
than an obligation arising under Staff's contract of employment or contract of services);
● A miscarriage of justice has occurred, is occurring or is likely to occur;
● The health and safety of a person has been, is or is likely to be endangered;
● The environment has been, is or is likely to be damaged;
● An unlawful or improper use of funds or resources of a public body or other public money
has occurred or is likely to occur;
● A "Breach" has occurred - for the purposes of this Policy, a breach means a breach of the
laws governing the following matters (the below is an non-exhaustive list):
○ financial services, products and markets, and prevention of money laundering and
terrorist financing;
○ protection of privacy and personal data, and security of network and information
systems; and
○ consumer protection.
● A Relevant Wrongdoing also includes information tending to show that any of the above
matters has been, is being or is likely to be concealed or destroyed or an attempt has been,
is being or is likely to be made to conceal or destroy such information.
● A Relevant Wrongdoing can include a Relevant Wrongdoing that occurred, occurs or would
occur in Ireland or anywhere else in the world.
2.2 What is Not a Protected Disclosure
Generally, a matter or a concern may not be a Protected Disclosure under this Policy if it is an
interpersonal grievance exclusively affecting Staff (for example, a complaint about bullying, or
other type of personal dispute with a colleague or manager which concerns Staff exclusively) or
relates to a Staff member's individual contract of employment.
2

3. Reporting a Concern
3.1 General Principles
Staff are encouraged to report relevant information in relation to Relevant Wrongdoings as quickly
as possible to prevent escalation and to help SIL to contain and reverse any adverse
consequences.
To Speak Up visit www.ethics.block.xyz or call 18888298316.
If outside Ireland, local contact numbers are available at www.ethics.block.xyz.
Staff must provide as much detail as possible including the times, dates, sequence of events,
locations and factual details of the matter or concern when reporting a concern.
SIL will keep confidential the identity of the Reporter and any third party mentioned in the report, to
the extent reasonably possible, consistent with the need to adequately investigate the information,
and SILʼs compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
There are however limited circumstances where confidentiality cannot be maintained including for
example where:
● The person to whom the protected disclosure was made or referred shows that they took
all reasonable steps to avoid so disclosing any such information; or
● The person to whom the Protected Disclosure was made or referred reasonably believes
that Staff are consenting to the disclosure of any such information; or
● The person to whom the Protected Disclosure was made or referred reasonably believes
that disclosing any such information is necessary for:
○ The effective investigation of the Relevant Wrongdoing concerned; or
○ The prevention of serious risk to the security of the State, public health, public
safety or the environment; or
○ The disclosure is otherwise necessary in the public interest or is required by law.
In such instances, SIL will ensure that information is handled sensitively.
3.2 Internal Reporting
Staff are strongly encouraged to report any matter or concern promptly after it comes to their
attention in a work-related context using internal reporting channels.
SIL's internal reporting channels operate in a secure manner that ensures the confidentiality of the
Reporter and anyone mentioned in the report. It is a protected reporting channel which prevents
access by anyone other than authorised persons.
3

SIL takes any allegation of violations, malpractice or breach of obligations very seriously,
regardless of who may have committed them. SIL has appointed its Chief Compliance Officer as
the Designated Person to respond to reports of matters or concerns under this Policy. The
Designated Person is impartial and is trained to respond to these reports. The Designated Person
will be the Reporter's point of contact throughout the process.
Reports may be made upon request by the Reporter by means of a physical meeting with the
Designated Person, within a reasonable period from making of the request. When such a request is
made, the Designated Person shall ensure, subject to the consent of the Reporter, that complete
and accurate records of the meeting are kept in a durable and retrievable form. The Designated
Person may document the meeting by way of i) audio recording, or ii) accurate minute taking.
Where the Reporter has disclosed their identity, the Designated Person shall offer the Reporter the
opportunity to check, verify and agree the minutes of the meeting by signing them.
Where a matter or concern is reported in accordance with this Policy, the report will be
acknowledged in writing no later than 7 days after its receipt.
The Designated Person will remain in communication with the Reporter as far as is reasonably
possible, will follow up in relation to the concern and where necessary will ask Staff for further
information.
The Designated Person will carry out a diligent follow-up to the report which will include at least
the following ("Diligent Follow Up"):
- The Designated Person will carry out an initial assessment to establish if there is
preliminary evidence that a Relevant Wrongdoing may have occurred. If the Designated
Person comes to the conclusion that no preliminary evidence exists, the procedure will be
closed or referred to other applicable internal procedure mechanisms. Reporters will be
notified in writing of the decision and the reason for it as soon as possible.
- Where the Designated Person concludes that preliminary evidence exists of a Relevant
Wrongdoing, appropriate actions will be taken to address the wrongdoing, having regard to
the nature and seriousness of the matter.
- The Designated Person will maintain communication with the Reporter, will inform the
Reporter of how they propose to investigate the matter, and will keep the Reporter informed
of actions, where possible. However it is important to note that sometimes the need for
confidentiality and legal considerations may prevent the Designated Person from giving the
Reporter specific details of an investigation. The Designated Person will inform the
Reporter of the likely timescales in regard to the steps being taken where possible.
The Designated Person will provide feedback to the Reporter no later than 3 months after
acknowledgement of receipt of the report or, where no such acknowledgement was sent, not more
than 3 months from the date of expiry of the period of 7 days after the report was made. If the
Reporter requests further feedback, the Designated Person will provide feedback to the Reporter
at 3 month intervals until the investigation is closed.
4

Anonymous Reports
As outlined in the Code, Staff who prefer to remain anonymous may report their concerns
anonymously by visiting www.ethics.block.xyz or calling 18888298316. View Blockʼs Global
Speak Up policy for additional local phone numbers..
There may be limitations on the progress of the investigation where a matter is reported
anonymously. SIL cannot guarantee that it can perform the Diligent Follow Up referred to above in
response to anonymous reports.
3.3 Disclosure to Prescribed Person External Reporting)
The aim of this Policy is to provide an avenue within the SIL workplace to deal with concerns or
disclosures in regard to a Relevant Wrongdoing. Most issues can be dealt with internally using this
Policy and/or the Code, and SIL strongly encourages Staff to report such concerns internally. In
most cases Staff should not find it necessary to alert anyone externally.
There may be circumstances where Staff may consider making a disclosure externally. To that end,
Staff may, in certain circumstances, make a disclosure to a "Prescribed Person", such as:
● The Central Bank - contact details and method of reporting here;
● Health and Safety Authority - contact details and method of reporting here;
● Workplace Relations Commission - contact details and method of reporting here; or
● The Office of the Protected Disclosure Commissioner - contact details and method of
reporting here (the "Commissioner").
Before making a disclosure to a Prescribed Person, Staff must reasonably believe that the
information Staff are disclosing and any allegation contained in the report are substantially true,
and the report must fall within the description of matters in respect for which the Prescribed
Person or Commissioner has responsibility.
Additionally, a disclosure may be made to an external third party other than a Prescribed Person or
the Commissioner where Staff reasonably believe that the information disclosed and any
allegations contained in it are substantially true and one or more of the following applies:
● Staff have previously made a disclosure of substantially the same information to SIL or a
Prescribed Person and no appropriate action was taken within the time period specified
above;
● Staff reasonably believe that the Relevant Wrongdoing concerned may constitute an
imminent or manifest danger to the public interest, such as where there is an emergency
situation or risk of irreversible damage; or
● Staff reasonably believe that there is a risk to them of penalisation or there is a low
prospect of the Relevant Wrongdoing being effectively addressed if the report is made to a
Prescribed Person.
5

3.4 Other Obligations to Make a Report
As a regulated entity, SIL has other obligations under various pieces of legislation to report
contraventions of financial services law to the Central Bank. For the avoidance of doubt, this Policy
also applies in relation to disclosures of infringements concerning the obligations under;
● The Protected Disclosures Act 2014, as amended;
● Part 5 of the Central Bank Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013;
● Payment Services – European Union Payment Services) Regulations 2018; and
● The Criminal Justice Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2010.
4. Protection from Penalisation
As outlined in the Code, Block does not tolerate retaliation or penalisation in connection with the
making of a Protected Disclosure. Anyone found to have committed such retaliation or penalisation
could face disciplinary action up to and including dismissal.
If Staff make a Protected Disclosure, they are protected from penalisation by reason of the making
of the Protected Disclosure. Penalisation includes, but is not limited to, suspension, lay-off,
dismissal, and other disciplinary action as well as demotion, discrimination or other forms of
adverse treatment.
If Staff believe they are subject to penalisation as a result of making a disclosure under this Policy,
they should report the matter to their Human Resource Business Partner or make a report at
www.ethics.block.xyz promptly.
5. False Reports
Reports should be made in good faith and based on reasonable belief in its truth. If Staff knowingly
or carelessly make false allegations using this Policy, they may be subject to disciplinary action up
to and including dismissal. It is also potentially a criminal offence to make a false report.
6. Data Protection
Any processing of personal data pursuant to this Policy, including the exchange or transmission of
personal data must be carried out in accordance with applicable data protection law.
7. Compliance & Enforcement
7.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● Staff: Staff are encouraged to report relevant information in relation to Relevant
Wrongdoings (as detailed in Section 2.1, as quickly as possible after it comes to their
attention using internal reporting channels. Staff must provide as much detail as possible
including the times, dates, sequence of events, locations and factual details of the matter
6

or concern when reporting a concern. Reports, whether made internally or externally by
Staff, should be made in good faith and based on reasonable belief in its truth.
● Designated Person: The Designated Person is responsible for responding to reports of
matters or concerns under this Policy and is to be the Reporter's point of contact
throughout the process. Where the Reporter requests the report be made by way of
physical meeting, the Designated Person shall ensure, subject to the consent of the
Reporter, that complete and accurate records of the meeting are kept in a durable and
retrievable form.
The Designated Person is to remain in communication with the Reporter as far as is
reasonably possible, and will carry out a diligent follow-up to the report.
7.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
- Policies and standards
- Procedures
- Audit/exam findings
- Issues management
- Training
- Complaints
7.3 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
SIL keeps records of every report received under this Policy for so long as is necessary and in
accordance with SIL's record retention practices, or in accordance with the provisions of the
applicable laws - whichever is longer.
7.4 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
7

7.5 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
8. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
9. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Cathal Grennan Regulatory Creation Initial Creation Dec 8, 2022
Counsel, Europe
SIL Board of Board of Initial Approval Dec 13, 2022
Directors Directors
Elizabeth Henry EU Chief Scheduled Ownership Nov 1, 2023
Compliance Review change to EU
Officer CCO; Included
links to the
means of
external
reporting;
Included
reference to
additional
regulatory
obligations to
report
SIL Board of Board of Scheduled Dec 7, 2023
Directors Directors Review
8

Approver Title Type Description Date
Elizabeth Henry EU Chief Scheduled Included Nov 4, 2024
Compliance Review definitions, roles
Officer and
responsibilities,
and reference to
holding physical
meetings with
the reporting
person, on
request.
SIL Board of Board approval Scheduled Dec 11, 2024
Directors Review
SIL Board of Board approval Scheduled Changed into Dec 8, 2025
Directors Review new policy
template - no
other changes of
note
Document Details
Business Block
Scope Europe
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner EU Chief Compliance Officer
Approved By SIL Board of Directors
Document Tier Tier 2
9