Global Conflicts of Interest Policy
Block Inc.
Last Approved: Mar 25, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 25, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Global Conflict of Interest Policy (“Policyˮ) is designed to help
Block employees avoid even the appearance of a Conflict of Interest and recognize when to get
help or report a concern. It is crucial that we operate our business with the highest level of
integrity. That means we must all act openly, honestly, and transparently. Block, Inc. and its
subsidiaries (collectively, “Blockˮ or the “Companyˮ) are committed to conducting business with
honesty and integrity. If you suspect or believe that a situation creates a Conflict of Interest,
disclose it by using the reporting channels described below:
Disclose your potential Conflict of Interest by visiting:
go/oar for Outside Activity Requests
go/disclose for all other Conflicts of Interest
For guidance and questions, reach out to Compliance at ethics@; and,
employment-legal@ for questions regarding OARs.
Scope: This Policy applies to Block and extends to employees of Block. Employees who have
questions about a situation not covered in this Policy should contact Compliance at ethics@. While
this policy does not apply to external workers at Block, external workers are expected to disclose
certain conflicts of interest to their employer of record or to Block as part of their agreement.
Directors and officers of Block, Inc. should follow the Conflict of Interest policies set forth in the
Companyʼs Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines and related policies.
1

Most Restrictive Policy Governs
Where applicable laws or regulations differ from this policy, team or role requirements, employees
are expected to follow the most restrictive applicable requirement.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Close Personal Includes family members (e.g., spouse, domestic partner, parent,
Relationship son/daughter, sibling, grandparent, aunt/uncle, niece/nephew, cousin,
step/half/or in-law relation, etc.), individuals living in the same household,
individuals with whom an individual has a personal relationship of an intimate
or romantic nature, or any other person with whom the individual has such a
close bond that could impair, or appear to impair, the individualʼs objectivity.
Conflict of A Conflict of Interest occurs when your Personal Interests are in potential
Interest conflict with your role and work at Block.
Personal Interest Means a Block employee's situation or circumstances outside Block that
could create, potentially create or appear to create a financial or other
benefit to the employee or their Close Personal Relationship.
Third Party Any non-Block employee, including customers, prospective customers,
suppliers, prospective suppliers, service providers, government officials, and
any person with whom Block engages with, does, or may do business.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. About Conflicts of Interest
A Conflict of Interest occurs when your Personal Interests are in potential conflict with your role and
work at Block. Always act in the best interests of Block, and donʼt let Personal Interests conflict, or
appear to conflict, with the Companyʼs interests.
Conflicts of interest can arise in many situations, including personal relationships with family and
friends, activities outside of work (such as secondary employment), financial interests in or
board/advisory positions with companies that do business or compete with Block, and business
opportunities that employees may learn about through their position at Block.
Conflicts of interest can be actual, perceived or potential:
● Actual: these are conflicts of interest where there is an actual conflict between an
employeeʼs duties or responsibilities to Block and any external interest.
2

● Perceived: these are conflicts of interest where a reasonable person would view that,
based on available information, there may be a Conflict of Interest.
● Potential: these are conflicts which may materialize in the future based on current
circumstances or forecasted changes in circumstances.
2.1.1 Obligation to Disclose
Employees are required to disclose conflicts of interest, as described in this policy, as soon as
possible. This includes any situation in which an employee is involved, or plans to become involved,
which could result in an actual, perceived, or potential Conflict of Interest. Once the conflict has
been disclosed, no action should be taken until the disclosure has been reviewed and a decision is
provided.
Employees, their manager, or leadership team may not make an approval decision or determination
on the existence of a Conflict of Interest. It must be disclosed as described above and reviewed by
Compliance, Employment Counsel, and other relevant stakeholders as appropriate.
2.1.2 Responsibility and Accountability
In every disclosure, approval is contingent upon:
1. Submission of a disclosure at go/disclose or go/oar as appropriate;
2. Blockʼs review and approval;
3. Acknowledgement of, and adherence to, any conditions that may be required by Block in
connection with the conflict; and,
4. Prompt communication with Block should the nature of the conflict change after approval.
Failure to disclose a Conflict of Interest or abide by conditions placed on an approval may result in
disciplinary action up to, and including, termination.
2.1.3 Retention of Disclosures
Disclosures are maintained in Blockʼs relevant systems of record for the duration of employment + 4
years.
3

2.2. Situations that Require Disclosure
Conflicts of Interest come in many shapes and sizes and are often highly situational. Blockʼs
business is broad in scope and continues to evolve, which means the factors considered in
evaluating a Conflict of Interest may change.
2.2.1 Outside Activities
Block supports and encourages appropriate activities outside of your employment with Block.
Outside activities include (but are not limited to) other employment, consulting, payment for services
rendered, serving on a board or in another advisory capacity, teaching and course work, and certain
types of volunteer work. Before you engage in any such outside activity during your employment or
engagement with Block, you must submit a formal request to engage in the activity. Additional
requirements, restrictions, and/or considerations may be required for roles that are subject to
regulatory requirements or for workers who are on a visa.
New hires wishing to continue outside activities after joining Block are subject to this policy.
You should submit your outside activity request as soon as possible, as it may require review from
a number of potential stakeholders. Furthermore, if you are seeking approval for multiple outside
activities, you must submit separate requests to go/oar so that each request can be reviewed and
evaluated separately.
Outside Activities that Require Disclosure:
● Activities that could interfere with Block work, e.g., because they interfere with work hours;
● Activities that relate to Blockʼs current or anticipated business (to determine
competitiveness); and,
● Activities that pose a risk of disclosure of confidential business information, IP or trade
secrets, including but not limited to activities that may crossover with the requestorʼs role at
Block and mentoring roles.
Additional Responsibilities
You are required to identify and disclose any documents you are asked to sign with any entity
involved in your outside activity, including but not limited to any agreement pertaining to confidential
information or intellectual property. Block may require that you and the outside entity sign an
addendum to any such agreement before you begin the outside activity.
4

Furthermore, if your outside activity at any point changes from the description you originally
provided, you must update your request as soon as possible. To update a request that was already
approved, please submit a new request at go/oar. Block also reserves the right to modify or revoke
its approval of any outside activity request particularly if, for instance, Block's business were to
expand into a competitive space.
Use of Block Property, Facilities, and Tools
In connection with any outside activity, you are prohibited from using Blockʼs property, facilities,
equipment, systems, time, or brand; disclosing Blockʼs confidential, proprietary, and trade secret
information; or otherwise violating the terms of your Confidential Information and Invention
Assignment Agreement with Block or any other written agreement between you and Block.1
Unpaid Volunteer Activities
Practically speaking, some unpaid volunteer activities do not implicate our policy (for instance, a one
day cancer walk outside of work hours and entirely unrelated to Blockʼs business). However, the
following unpaid volunteer activities should be submitted for approval:
● Activities that could interfere with Block work, e.g., because they interfere with work hours;
● Activities that relate to Blockʼs current or anticipated business (to determine
competitiveness);
● Activities that cross over with the requestorʼs role at Block (because of the risk that
confidential business information, IP or trade secrets will be disclosed); and
● Activities that otherwise pose a risk that confidential business information, IP or trade
secrets will be disclosed (e.g., mentoring roles).
If youʼre unsure if a particular activity needs to be submitted for approval under this policy, please
submit via go/oar.
2.2.2 Personal Investment Activities
Employees should avoid any personal investment that could create a real or perceived conflict or
otherwise affect your decision-making on behalf of Block. This is especially true of investments in
1Non-exempt employees may not use paid working time for participation in outside activities.
5

current or prospective vendors when the investor has a relationship with the vendor or has signing
authority on behalf of Block to continue, renew, or terminate contracts with the vendor.
This policy does not apply to investments where the employee has little or no input on the
composition of their investment (e.g., index funds, ETFs, or retirement plans).
Publicly Traded Companies
Block employees may personally invest in publicly traded companies and should act in accordance
with Blockʼs Insider Trading policy and Code of Conduct. Employees must disclose investments if
they hold 5% or more of a public companyʼs voting class equities at go/disclose.
Privately-Held Companies
Employees must seek approval at go/disclose before making any personal investments, regardless
of amount in any privately-held company if, to their knowledge, the company has a current or
potential future business relationship with Block, is of acquisition interest, or competes with Blockʼs
business. If an employee learns that a company with whom they have a personal investment later
develops a relationship with Block, or is under consideration for the same, they must immediately
disclose it for evaluation.
2.2.3 Engaging Friends or Family in a Business Relationship with Block
Employees must disclose any personal, familial, or romantic relationships with a competitor, supplier,
or potential supplier engaged by, or under consideration for, Block to supply goods or services
where their professional duties overlap with the management of the vendor. As a representative of
Block, it would be inappropriate to manage, negotiate, or pursue a business relationship with a Third
Party with whom the employee has a close relationship. This could include having a personal
relationship with the Third Partyʼs management team, owners, or other employees involved in the
procurement or relationship management process.
2.2.4 Working with Friends and Family at Block
Employees must disclose all close (personal, familial, or romantic) relationships with another
employee of Block, anyone whom they refer to Block as a candidate for employment or engagement,
or individuals performing services for Block that could create an actual or perceived Conflict of
Interest.
6

These disclosures help protect the integrity of our decisions and processes. Even when intentions
are good, close personal relationships can create situations where work is escalated, prioritized, or
resolved outside of standard channels. That can create the appearance of favoritism or unfair
influence. Disclosure allows the Company to put appropriate safeguards in place, such as separating
decision-making responsibilities or reinforcing standard review procedures, to ensure our processes
remain fair, consistent, and transparent.
Block defines close relationships to include family members (e.g., spouse, domestic partner, parent,
son/daughter, sibling, grandparent, aunt/uncle, niece/nephew, cousin, step/half/or in-law relation,
etc.), individuals living in the same household, individuals with whom an individual has a personal
relationship of an intimate or romantic nature, or any other person with whom the individual has such
a close bond that could impair, or appear to impair, the individualʼs objectivity.
Further, it is never appropriate to supervise, make hiring and/or employment decisions regarding, or
pursue and/or manage a business relationship with a person whom an employee has a close
relationship with.
2.2.5 Self-Dealing
Employees should never use their position at Block for personal gain. Employees are expected to
disclose any potential conflicts between themselves and Block when the resulting action could
appear as:
● Diverting business opportunities (either to themselves or others) that are discovered
through their work at Block (e.g., an employee sourcing their relativeʼs company to perform
work for Block without considering other vendors).
● Using Blockʼs property (physical or technology assets), information, or their position for
personal gain.
● Competing with Blockʼs products or business interests.
2.2.6 Other
Unsure if a situation presents a Conflict of Interest? The best course of action is to disclose the
situation at go/disclose. Block will evaluate your conflict and, if necessary, place safeguards in place
to protect your and Blockʼs interests. We do not expect employees to determine if a situation
presents a Conflict of Interest. Block will work with employees and other relevant stakeholders to
evaluate the conflict and arrive at a conclusion.
7

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.2. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
8

4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
● Global Speak Up Policy
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
John Alfano Global Policy & Initial Appro… Initial approval December 22,
Governance Lead 2024
Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Updated to new March 25, 2026
Policy Policy Committee template, no
Committee material changes.
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner Global Ethics Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
9