Conflicts of Interest Policy
Square Australia
Last Approved: Dec 18, 2025
Effective Date: Dec 18, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Conflicts of Interest Policy ("Policy") sets out Square AU's
approach to identifying, managing, and monitoring conflicts of interest, reflecting our commitment
to strong corporate governance and ethical business conduct. Operating in a regulated
environment, effective conflict management is essential to maintaining trust and integrity across all
our activities.
Under the Corporations Act 2001, Square AU is required to have arrangements in place to manage
conflicts arising in connection with the provision of financial services. This Policy provides a clear
framework to address potential, actual, and perceived conflicts, outlining the responsibilities of all
representatives to adhere to these guidelines and promptly report any conflicts.
The Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) has primary responsibility for overseeing and implementing
this Policy. Through these measures, Square AU seeks to protect the interests of customers,
employees, and stakeholders, ensure regulatory compliance, and promote an ethical culture
throughout the organisation.
The purpose of this Conflicts of Interest Policy is to provide a clear and structured framework for
identifying, assessing, escalating, and managing conflicts of interest within Square AU. It ensures
that all conflicts are addressed in a way that upholds Square AUʼs integrity and ethical standards,
meets regulatory requirements, and safeguards the interests of customers, employees, and
stakeholders.
This Policy forms an integral part of Square AUʼs broader compliance and risk management
framework, demonstrating our commitment to the highest standards of professional conduct and
corporate responsibility.
Scope: This Conflicts of Interest Policy is established by Square AU Pty Ltd ("Square AU") and is
applicable to all employees, officers, directors, contractors, interns, contingent workers and
representatives of Square AU. The Policy sets out the approach to identifying, managing, and
mitigating conflicts of interest within the context of Square AU's operations.

This Policy applies specifically to the activities and responsibilities of Square AU and its
subsidiaries directly involved in the provision of financial services. It governs the conduct of all
employees and representatives in relation to their professional duties and external engagements
that may give rise to conflicts of interest.
This document must be read in conjunction with Block Inc Policies and programs. Square AU will
make reasonable attempts to align with Block Inc Policies unless regulatory obligations differ.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Conflict of Interest ● An actual Conflict Of Interest (i.e. a Conflict Of Interest that
has arisen);
● A potential Conflict Of Interest (i.e. a Conflict Of Interest
that may arise given particular facts and circumstances);
● A perceived Conflict Of Interest (i.e. a situation which may
give rise to the perception of a Conflict Of Interest); and
● Where a direct Conflict Of Interest may not in fact exist
Actual Conflict of Interest A Conflict of Interest that is currently happening. For example,
if an advisor recommends a product that benefits them
financially, even though it may not be in the best interest of the
client.
Potential Conflict of Interest A situation where a Conflict of Interest may arise in the future.
For example, an advisor who could benefit from the sale of a
particular financial product in the future, though they haven't
recommended it yet.
Perceived Conflict of Interest A situation where it appears to others that a Conflict of Interest
exists, even if there is no actual conflict. This is often based on
appearances and can erode trust, even if the advisor is acting
impartially.
Managing Conflicts of Interest The process by which financial services licensees identify,
assess, and address conflicts of interest to ensure that they do
not adversely affect clients. This can involve disclosure,
avoidance, or control measures.
Disclosure of Conflicts The practice of informing clients about any conflicts of interest
that may affect the advice or services provided. This is a
crucial part of managing conflicts and ensuring transparency.
Avoidance of Conflicts Taking steps to eliminate a Conflict of Interest altogether. This
may involve not engaging in certain activities or declining to
provide advice where a conflict exists.

Terminology Definition
Control of Conflicts Implementing measures to manage conflicts of interest that
cannot be avoided, ensuring that they do not negatively impact
clients. This may include setting up barriers between different
parts of a business to prevent conflicts from influencing
advice.
Staff Member(s) or Staff All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who
support the operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this
Policy, and include interns, temporary workers, consultants,
vendors, third-party providers, and contractors. An employee
or external worker (e.g., contingent labour, contractors) hired
by Squareup International Limited who supports the operations
covered by this Policy.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1 Guiding Principles
By implementing this Policy, Square AU seeks to:
● Promote Ethical Conduct: Foster a culture of transparency and ethical behaviour across all
levels of the organisation by ensuring that conflicts of interest are addressed promptly and
effectively.
● Facilitate Regulatory Compliance: Comply with the obligations set forth under the
Corporations Act 2001 and relevant Regulatory Guide 181 - Licensing: Managing conflicts of
interest, particularly those related to the management of conflicts of interest in financial
services.
● Protect Stakeholder Interests: Safeguard the interests of our customers, employees, and
other stakeholders by mitigating the risks associated with conflicts of interest that could
compromise the quality and fairness of our services.
● Enhance Corporate Governance: Strengthen Square AU's governance framework by
providing clear guidelines and responsibilities for the identification, reporting, and
resolution of conflicts of interest.
● Support Informed Decision-Making: Ensure that decisions made within the organisation
are free from bias and undue influence, thereby maintaining the trust and confidence of all
parties involved in or affected by our business activities.

2.2 Mechanisms for managing conflicts of interest
The Board has considered and adopted, among other arrangements, the three mechanisms for
managing conflicts of interest prescribed by ASIC in RG 181 in preparing this section of the
compliance manual.
Under the arrangements set out in this document, Square AU has put in place processes for:
● controlling conflicts of interest;
● avoiding conflicts of interest; and
● disclosing conflicts of interest.
These mechanisms are defined in the definition section of this Policy.
2.3 Disclosure Obligations
All personnel must self-disclose any actual, potential, or perceived conflicts of interest by
following the Conflicts of Interest disclosure process, details of which can be found on the
Conflicts of Interest page. Once the potential conflict has been disclosed, no action may be taken
until the disclosure has been reviewed by a Manager and approval is provided if required.
2.4 Assessment of Conflicts
Square AU will assess business activities, including relationships to identify any potential conflicts
of interest. In order to control conflicts of interest, Square AU has put a program place to:
● identify the conflicts of interest relating to the business of Square AU (if any);
● assess and evaluate those conflicts; and
● decide upon, and implement, an appropriate response to those conflicts.
Assessment of the business level conflicts are conducted at least annually by the CCO and
included in Annexure A. Data on conflicts of interest is reported to the Square AU Board. Examples
of what may constitute a conflict which may require disclosure include activities outside of work
such as a secondary employment position, personal investments, or engaging friends or family in a
business relationship with Square AU.

2.5 Mitigation Strategies
Once identified, Conflicts of Interest must be managed through appropriate mitigation strategies,
which may include but is not limited too:
● Removing the individual from decision-making related to the conflict;
● Segregation of duties;
● Disclosing the conflict to relevant stakeholders;
● Implementing information barriers or ethical walls; and
● Divesting conflicting interests.
2.6 Breaches of the Policy
In the event of a Conflict of Interest breach, Square AU requires mandatory reporting, followed by a
confidential investigation to assess the breach's impact. Corrective actions, including removal from
conflicting situations and potential disciplinary measures, may be taken. Square AU is to ensure
internal transparency through communication of outcomes and, if necessary, external
communication to affected stakeholders. Post-incident reviews where applicable may be
conducted to evaluate the response and enhance the Conflict of Interest policy where necessary.
Enhanced monitoring may be implemented to prevent future breaches, ensuring the organisation's
integrity is maintained.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
Square AU operates a Three Lines of Defence (“3LoD") Model. All Staff Members are expected to
comply with this Policy, including the Anti-Bribery and Corruption element of Blockʼs Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code) at all times. Square AU is required to demonstrate that it
took all reasonable steps and exercised all due diligence in order to avoid Conflicts of Interest and
the commission of a bribery or corruption offence. Therefore, it is essential that all Staff Members
and each line of defence understands its roles and responsibilities in respect to this Policy.
First Line of Defence
● All Staff Members or Staff: All Staff Members are responsible for identifying and managing
Conflicts of Interest on an ongoing basis and must:
○ Avoid Conflicts of Interest

○ If there is a situation that a Conflict of Interest has occurred or could present a
potential conflict, or the appearance of conflict, disclose it through the available
channels detailed on the Conflicts of Interest page so that it can be evaluated.
○ Avoid making a Conflict of Interest determination on their own, and instead make a
disclosure as mentioned above, in order for a fulsome evaluation to be made.
○ Report breaches of this Policy to the Policy owner, the AU Chief Compliance
Officer, or the Ethics Line.
● Leads: While the Code applies to all Staff Members, "Leads" Square AU's term for
managers) have a deeper level of responsibility and must lead with integrity and reinforce
Block's ethical culture. Leads are often the first resource for Staff Members who have
questions on ethical issues or potential violations of Block and Square AU Policy. If unsure
of the best course of action, Leads are responsible for:
○ Ensuring the embedding and ongoing adherence to the Policy within their area of
accountability;
○ Directing their Staff Members to the correct resource;
○ Promptly reporting any violation or suspected violation of this Policy, the Code or
law. Leads may be held responsible if they don't report misconduct;
○ Creating an environment where others feel comfortable sharing concerns and
uphold the principle that Staff Members reporting their concerns is protected from
retaliation;
○ Ensuring that any breaches of this Policy or non-declarations, which are also
considered breaches, are reported;
○ Ensuring the Global Code of Conduct training is completed by all Staff Members
within their business unit on time.
Second line of Defence
● Compliance: Compliance, as the owner of this Policy will:
○ Carry out risk-based reviews of the implementation of this Policy, to include the
identification and investigation of breaches and the appropriate action taken to
address such breaches, as required;
○ Effectively communicate Conflicts of Interest Policy to the Business;
○ Have an effective mechanism for identifying and reporting on non-adherence of
this Policy;
○ Report on related management information to the Regulatory Governance
Committee, and the Square AU Board as appropriate.
● Global Ethics Team: The Global Ethics team, within Corporate Compliance ("the Ethics
team") is responsible for:
○ Monitoring the Conflicts of Interest register1;
○ Assessing reported Conflicts of Interest and making recommendations with respect
to the management/prevention of Conflicts of Interest;
1 Details of reported Conflicts of Interest are held on a ‘One Trustʼ register monitored by the Ethics team. Details of reported
outside activity are held on a JIRA system, monitored by the Legal team.

○ Developing and delivering Code of Conduct training to Square AU Staff Members.
● Third Line of Defence (“Internal Auditˮ): Internal Audit forms Square AU's third line of
defence. The independent internal audit function, employing a risk-based approach,
provides assurance to the Square AU Board and senior management.
● Square AU Board Members (“Boardˮ) It is the role of the Board to monitor and manage
potential Conflicts of Interest between management, board members, shareholders,
external advisors and other service providers, including misuse of corporate assets. The
Board is also responsible for decisioning on reported Conflicts of Interest, escalated by The
Compliance Manager AU, in instances where Square Management and the Ethics team (or
other relevant stakeholder involved in the evaluation process) are not in agreement as to
the determination or management of such a Conflict of Interest.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
Compliance will provide updates to the Square AU Board ("Board") and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with

recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block, Inc. Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
● Block, Inc. Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy
● Block, Inc. Gifts & Entertainment Policy
● Block, Inc. Insider Trader Policy
● Block, Inc. Outside Activities Policy
● Square I Australian Employee Handbook
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Square AU Pty Board Approval Initial Approval Approved the September 11,
Ltd Board creation of the 2019
document
Square AU Pty Board Approval Scheduled Approved minor December 10,
Ltd Board Review changes to the 2020
document
Square AU Pty Board Approval Scheduled Approved minor December 9,
Ltd Board Review changes to the 2021
document
Square AU Pty Board Approval Material Change Approved December 8,
Ltd Board Approval changes and 2022
updated to

Approver Title Type Description Date
manage changes
in regulatory
guidance.
Square AU Pty Board Approval Scheduled Approved December 13,
Ltd Board Review changes and 2023
Minor change to
complaint
Lance Howard Compliance Lead Material Change Approved August 29, 2024
- AU Approval changes to
manage
regulatory
guidance
Square AU Pty Board Approval Material Change Approved October 1, 2024
Ltd Board Approval changes to
manage
regulatory
guidance
Square AU Pty Board Approval Scheduled Minor December 18,
Ltd Board Review amendment, new 2025
template
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Australia
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner Compliance Lead - AU
Approved By Square AU Pty Ltd Board
Document Tier Tier 2

Annexure A
Assessment and evaluation of
conflict(s) of interest (refer to
Annexure D
Description of
identified Qualitative Procedures for monitoring
conflict(s) of Risk Arrangements for conflicts management
interest Likelihood Consequences Outcome managing conflict(s) arrangements
Square AU B 1 M Employees that are Outside Activities Policy
employee is a Square Sellers requires employees and
Square Seller removed from representatives to obtain
decision making and advanced approval from
customer-facing roles their managers and the
with respect to their Counsel Team before
Square Seller account engaging in any outside
via risk-based employment activities,
approach. including becoming or
continuing to operate a
Breach of Employee Square Seller.
Handbook will result
in HR review and Disclosure of Personal
potential termination. Interests form updated.
Employees encouraged to
reach out to Legal team
directly for questions
concerning conflicts of
interest.
Personal C 1 L Disclosure and Disclosure of Personal
investment in approval required Interests form updated
(or serving in under Outside annually.
some Activities Policy in AU
capacity with) Employee Handbook. Employees encouraged to
a Square reach out to the Legal
Seller Employees with direct team directly for questions
interest in Square concerning conflicts of
Seller removed from interest.
decision making and
customer-facing roles
with respect to such
Square Seller via
risk-based approach.

Breach of Employee
Handbook will result
in HR review and
potential termination.
Square AU C 1 L Disclosure and Disclosure of Personal
employee approval of entry into Interests form updated
learns of other personal annually.
personal business
business or opportunities required Employees encouraged to
investment under Outside reach out to Legal team
opportunity Activities Policy in AU directly for questions
with small, Employee Handbook. concerning conflicts of
private interest.
Square Seller Employees with direct
through their interest in Square
Square AU Seller removed from
role decision making and
customer-facing roles
with respect to such
Square Seller via
risk-based approach.
Breach of Employee
Handbook will result
in HR review and
potential termination.
Square AU C 3 H Investments in Square Exposure to deals with
employee Sellers in violation of large private or public
learns of insider Trading policy Square Sellers limited to
personal subject to termination need-to-know.
business or and potential criminal
investment escalation. Annual insider Trading
opportunity policy training required of
with large Disclosure and all Square Group
private or approval of entry into employees.
public Square other personal
Seller through business Whistleblower line for
their Square opportunities required violations of insider
AU role under Outside Trading policy maintained
Activities Policy in AU by Square, Inc.
Employee Handbook.
Employees with direct Disclosure of Personal
interest in Square Interests form updated
Seller removed from annually.
decision making and
customer-facing roles

with respect to such Employees encouraged to
Square Seller via reach out to Legal team
risk-based approach. directly for questions
Breach of Employee concerning conflicts of
Handbook will result interest.
in HR review and
potential termination.
Square AU C 3 H Investments in Exposure to deals with
employee violation of insider third parties that could
learns of Trading policy subject lead to insider trading
personal to termination and limited to need-to-know.
business or potential criminal Annual insider Trading
investment escalation. Policy training required of
opportunity all Square Group
with third Disclosure and employees.
party through approval of entry into
their Square other personal Whistleblower line for
AU role business violations of insider trading
opportunities required policy maintained by
under Outside Square, Inc.
Activities Policy in AU
Employee Handbook. Disclosure of Personal
Interests form updated
Employees with direct annually.
interest in Square
Seller removed from Employees encouraged to
decision making and reach out to the Legal
customer-facing roles team directly for questions
with respect to such concerning conflicts of
Square Seller via interest.
risk-based approach.
Breach of Employee
Handbook will result
in HR review and
potential termination.

Square AU C 2 M Square AUʼs Conflict Disclosure of Personal
employee of Interest policy Interests forms update
utilises role to prevents employees annually.
hire/benefit from benefiting
friends and friends and family at Employees encouraged to
family the expense of the reach out to the Legal team
company. directly for questions
concerning conflicts of
Square AU interest.
discourages
managers from hiring
friends and family
directly and suggests
individuals instead
apply to alternate
teams.
“Tipping offˮ friends
and family in violation
of insider trading
policy subject to
termination and
potential criminal
escalation.
Breach of Employee
Handbook will result
in HR review and
potential termination.
Square AU C 3 H Disclosure and Disclosure of Personal
employee approval required Interests form updated
works for under Outside annually.
current or Activities Policy in AU
likely future Employee Handbook. Employees encouraged to
Square AU Direct competition reach out to Legal team
competitor with Square AU will directly for questions
not be approved by concerning conflicts of
manager. interest.
Breach of Employee
Handbook will result
in HR review and
potential termination.

Square AU C 2 M Square AU employee Disclosure of Personal
employee investments may not Interests form updated
invests in necessarily breach annually.
current or the Conflicts of
likely future Interest policy, but Employees encouraged to
Square AU depending on trade reach out to Legal team
competitor and Material directly for questions
Non-Public concerning conflicts of
Information MNPI interest.
available to employee,
could breach Insider
Trading Policy.
Investments in
violation of insider
trading policy subject
to termination and
potential criminal
escalation.
Large investments in
competitors
amounting to control
over competitors
would require
disclosure and
approval under
Outside Activities
Policy in AU Employee
Handbook.
Direct competition
with Square AU will
not be approved by
the manager.
Breach of the AU
Employee Handbook
will result in HR review
and potential
termination.

Square AU C 2 M Square AU employee Disclosure of Personal
employee using Square AUʼs Interests form updated
uses Square property, information, annually.
AUʼs property, relationships, or
information, his/her position for Employees encouraged to
relationships, personal gain is a reach out to Legal team
or position for breach of the directly for questions
personal gain Employee Handbook. concerning conflicts of
Breach of Employee interest.
Handbook will result
in HR review and
potential termination.