Square Financial Crimes Compliance: U.S.
Transaction Monitoring Program Standard
Square | U.S.
Last Approved: Mar 27, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 27, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Transaction Monitoring (“TMˮ) Program (“Standardˮ) covers
Square, as a business line within Block Inc. (“Blockˮ), which is registered as a money service
business (“MSBˮ) with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCENˮ), a bureau of the
United States Department of the Treasury. Square is committed to maintaining full compliance with
the laws and regulations that govern its business.
This Standard covers Squareʼs approach to Transaction Monitoring, a vital component of ensuring
BSA/AML compliance as it provides a mechanism for evaluating suspicious activity and
transactions across Squareʼs products. The Global Transaction Monitoring & Investigations
Program is responsible for managing this Standard and its implementation in accordance with
Blockʼs Global Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing Policy.
The purpose of this Standard is to outline Squareʼs approach to monitor, detect, and prevent
possible money laundering, financial crimes and terrorist financing for Squareʼs products and
customer transactions.
Scope: This Standard is established by Block and is applicable to Squareʼs United States (“U.S.ˮ)
products and services, such as Square Point of Sale (“POS") and other financial products that
process transactions, such as Square Checking, a business checking account, and Square Card, a
debit card for Square checking customers, in addition to other products deemed to fall within the
scope of this Standard. It should also be noted that certain products within Cash App are also
within scope, such as Cash App Invest. More information about these products/queues can be
found here with an applicable user guide located here.
1

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Transaction Squareʼs dedicated analysts who perform reviews on transaction monitoring
Monitoring alerts in accordance with this Standard, procedures and processes.
(“TMˮ) Team
Suspicious Reports submitted to the Financial Crimes Network (“FinCENˮ) when
Activity Report suspicious activity is detected that may be linked to fraud, money laundering,
(“SARˮ) terrorist financing, or any other financial crime.
Money Service Defined as being a regulated entity that provides financial services outside of
Business traditional banking.
(“MSBˮ)
Financial Crimes The bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury responsible for
Enforcement safeguarding the financial system from illicit activities. FinCEN collects,
Network analyses, and shares financial intelligence to combat these threats and
(“FinCENˮ) enforce compliance with regulations designed to protect the financial
system.
United States One of the many laws in which Square adheres to. This was designed to
Bank Secrecy prevent money laundering and other financial crimes.
Act (“BSAˮ)
Anti-Money Set of laws, regulations and procedures designed to detect and deter money
Laundering laundering, terrorist financing, and any other financial crimes.
(“AMLˮ)
Counter-Terrorist Set of laws, regulations and measures designed to detect, prevent and
Financing disrupt the flow of funds of terrorist organizations and activities.
(“CTFˮ)
Service Level Defines the expected review period for alerts and other responsibilities of the
Agreements TM team.
(“SLAˮ)
Square Point of Squareʼs payment processing system offered to merchants.
Sale (“POS")
Quality The process of reviewing decisions made by an analyst post TM decisions
Assurance by a Quality analyst.
Staff References to “staffˮ throughout this document shall refer to all full-time
employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including interns, temps,
consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
2

2. Standard Requirements
2.1. Overview
This Standard outlines the compliance controls that are used for the evaluation and management of
Squareʼs program as it relates to money laundering, financial crime, and terrorist financing related
risks.
These controls include, but are not limited to:
● Coverage Assessments;
● Model Governance and Monitoring;
● Transaction Monitoring Alert Review Procedures and Processes; and
● Escalations for Potentially Suspicious Activity.
2.2. Coverage Assessments
On an annual basis, Square conducts an annual Anti-Money Laundering (“AMLˮ) and Transaction
Monitoring (“TM") Coverage Assessments, also known as Red Flag Assessments. The framework
would cover the following steps of coverage assessment:
● Identify and confirm in-scope products, product features, geographies.
● Evaluate mapping of regulatory red flags to AML typologies and associated products.
● Identify the triggering events that would initiate a review of the coverage assessment.
● Product and control lineage over AML Red flags/Typologies.
● Identification and evaluation of potential coverage gaps.
● Document the remediation of identified coverage gaps, as well as the formal acceptance of
risks that cannot be reasonably remediated or do not warrant monitoring coverage,
including the supporting rationale and justification.
The Technology Enablement team will evaluate the results of the Coverage Assessment in
partnership with Compliance Engineering & Technology and ensure sufficient coverage and
monitoring is implemented in accordance with Model Governance and Monitoring below for program
effectiveness.
2.3. Model Governance and Monitoring
Square utilizes various proprietary algorithms to create alerts for the Transaction Monitoring team to
review. The creation, review and governance of these models is covered by the Model Governance
Program and Model Change Management Process. These models can include generating automated
alerts in queues and periodic or manual reports for review. Models cover multiple typologies to
detect anomalous activity as outlined in the Coverage Assessment, including, but not limited to:
● Structuring;
● Profiling;
● Velocity;
3

● Lack of Economic Purpose;
● Patterning;
● High Risk Geography; and
● Funnelling.
Squareʼs Transaction Monitoring team queues are established and maintained by the Compliance
Engineering & Technology team. This team will evaluate effectiveness of the alerts generated by
queues (i.e. productivity) and make recommendations for tuning the models, adding further models
or changing existing models. Any new models or recommended changes to the existing models are
reviewed and approved in accordance with the Model Change Management Process.
The current set of models maintained by the Compliance Engineering & Technology team are
contained within the Square - US/CA TM Rulebook. To maintain oversight over the Transaction
Monitoring team queues, Square has implemented change management and model validation
policies that are managed by the Model Risk Management team and executed by the Compliance
Engineering & Technology team. In accordance with requirements issued by U.S. and international
laws, Square uses a Block - Model Change Management Procedure to establish a standardized
process for creating, modifying, and deprecating compliance-related models and heuristics (e.g.
queues). This includes the following requirements, which Square has incorporated into its Model
Governance Program with respect to transaction monitoring models and technologies:
● On an annual basis, the BSA/AML & Sanctions team will at a minimum, review the TMCA for
completeness and accuracy. The Transaction Monitoring Coverage Assessment supports
Block in assessing the completeness and appropriateness of its automated transaction
monitoring systems in accordance with regulatory guidance based on relevant typologies
(or red flags) appropriate for the size, nature, and product set that Square offers;
● Periodic reviews and testing of the accuracy of Squareʼs filtering systems and transaction
monitoring systems to policy and program level documentation;
● Maintenance of documentation relating to the configuration of Squareʼs filtering systems
and transaction monitoring rules;
● Approval processes for changes to configurations within the filtering systems and
transaction monitoring systems, including approval from delegates of the BSA/AML
Compliance Officer. JIRA tickets are created to document approvals for model changes as
required under the Compliance Change Management Procedure; and
● The completion of an independent assessment to support the BSA/AML Compliance
Officerʼs annual NYDFS Regulation 504 certification concerning Blockʼs monitoring and
filtering programs.
2.4. Transaction Monitoring Alert Review Procedures and Processes
The Financial Crimes Transaction Monitoring team establishes and maintains procedures and
processes for conducting manual reviews of the alerts generated. Using the procedures and
processes, the team provides initial assessments of alerted or referred merchant activity, and serves
as the first level triage function within the Compliance Operations team. The team evaluates the
alerted or referred merchant activity to determine if further investigation is required by the SAR team.
The Transaction Monitoring program operates by reviewing alerts within SLAs). Alerts are
4

investigated in accordance with the Transaction Monitoring teams standard operating processes and
procedures.
A Transaction Monitoring analyst reviews alerts based on written procedures that are routinely
reviewed and updated. Based on these procedures, the Transaction Monitoring team investigates a
case by taking the following ʼs case investigation review process is as follows:
● Analyst claims a new alert case in the Case Management System and notes typologies,
alert type, and product; and
● Analyst reviews customer information in conjunction with account activity, web presence,
and potentially adverse media in order to make a determination of an appropriate case
action.
Following that, the Transaction Monitoring analyst can take one of the following actions:
● Clear: Account activity represents typical product use with no adverse or potentially
unusual activity identified;
● Clear and Escalate: Account activity represents typical product use with no adverse or
unusual activity identified, however potential terms of service violations or sanctions
concerns exist and require an escalation to the Enhanced Due Diligence EDD or Sanctions
teams, respectively;
● Request for More Information: In instances where the analyst is not able to confidently
take a “clearˮ or “deactivationˮ action type, the analyst may request more information from
the account controller. Once this information is received back from the account controller,
the analyst will re-evaluate the case with the additional context in order to action a case;
● Deactivate: Account activity appears unusual and does not represent typical product use.
The customer account will be deactivated with no further action required if SAR referral
requirements are not met; or
● Deactivate and Escalate: Account activity appears unusual and does not represent typical
product use. The customer account will be deactivated and escalated to the SAR team
when established referral requirements are met.
2.5. Escalations for Potentially Unusual Activity
The Transaction Monitoring team may escalate certain cases to other teams within Compliance for
further review. This includes the Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDDˮ) team, Sanctions team and the SAR
team for investigation for potentially unusual activity, as described above. The Transaction
Monitoring team will ensure timely escalation to the SAR team to ensure internal SLAs are met and
potentially suspicious activity is investigated and a decision is made by the SAR team on whether a
SAR filing is required to FinCEN.
Below is an overview of the Transaction Monitoring Program Escalation Process.
5

2.6. Rule Book
The Square Transaction Monitoring rules are contained within the following Rulebook: Square -
US/CA TM Rulebook.
2.7. Systems
The Square Transaction Monitoring rules are contained within the following Rulebook: Square -
US/CA TM Rulebook.
2.8. Quality Assurance
The Quality Assurance team is a separate team from the TM team that exercises quality assurance
by reviewing decisions made by analysts during Transaction Monitoring reviews. The Quality team
reports the results of the reviews to individual team members, their leads and senior management.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Transaction Monitoring Lead:
○ Manages a team of analysts responsible for reviewing TM alerts; provides
guidance, training and acts as an escalation point; manages SLAs and deadlines.
● Compliance Operations Transaction Monitoring Team:
○ Monitors and acts upon compliance-related alerts, including reviewing and
escalating potentially suspicious activity and activity that violates Square's Terms
of Service.
● Compliance Operations Program Management Team:
6

○ Partners with the Square Compliance Transaction Monitoring and Suspicious
Activity Reporting teams by partnering cross-functionally to design and implement
monitoring, provide tools and resources for the teams to operate as efficiently and
accurately as possible.
● Head of Global Transaction Monitoring & Investigations:
○ Oversees the Square Financial Crimes Program comprised of the Compliance
Transaction Monitoring and Suspicious Activity Reporting Teams.
● Head of Compliance Operations:
○ Oversees the Square Compliance Operations, ie: Transaction Monitoring & SAR,
Onboarding & Due Diligence, KYC/Sanctions, and TOSV.
● Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ Oversees the operational functions and ensures the transaction monitoring model
complies with the local regulatory requirements. The CCO is responsible for
monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Standard. The CCO may delegate
to others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and reporting
that support this Standard.
● Quality Assurance Team:
○ Provides timely and encouraging feedback on decision-making, constructive
observations, and valuable insights. Provides insights into trends, processes, and
procedures. Highlights opportunities for efficiency. Ensures consistent outcomes in
decisions. Supports regulatory and audit requirements.
● Compliance Engineering & Technology Team:
○ Designs and maintains Squareʼs Transaction Monitoring machine-learning,
heuristics and other manual methodologies and generates alerts for TM team to
review, in line with the Model Governance Policy and Model Change Management
Process.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
For reporting and tracking of the overall health of Square's transaction monitoring program, Square
uses a combination of analytics tools, such as Tableau and Looker reports to:
● Evaluate queue productivity, including monitoring Above the Line and Below the Line
actions, to inform queue tuning and model updates;
● Monitor alert volumes and SLA performance;
7

● Calculate capacity needs through alert forecasts and models;
● Track Quality Assurance scores; and
● These Key Performance Indicators (“KPIˮ) are tracked for individual analysts.
Additionally, this Standard and the TM program are within the scope of the Compliance
Governance Testing and Monitoring team and subject to Internal Audit and external regulatory
reviews by State regulators to ensure compliance with BSA/AML requirements.
3.3. Training
Square ensures that the Transaction Monitoring team are fully trained in the procedures and
appropriate steps to investigate and provide rationale for reviewing alerts through a combination of
new hire, on the job and ad hoc continuous training.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
Exceptions to the requirements, strategies, or procedures established by this Standard must be
pre-approved by the Global BSA/AML & Sanctions Program Lead or the Head of Global Transaction
Monitoring & Investigations provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate
applicable laws and regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a
reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to
mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in
writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions
should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will
inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorist Financing Policy | Block
8

● Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorist Financing Program | Block |
US
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Audra McKay Head of Financial Initial Appro… This document Sep 13, 2024
Crimes, Square was created to
replace the prior
version: Square
Transaction
Monitoring
Program which
was retired on
August 28, 2024.
Ken Triemstra Global BSA/AML Scheduled R… Annual review, March 27, 2026
& Sanctions updated template,
Program Lead updates made to
team
names/titles,
updates made to
coverage
assessment
details
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope U.S.
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Head of Global Transaction Monitoring & Investigations
Approved By Global BSA/AML & Sanctions Program Lead
Document Tier Tier 3
9