Anti-Money Laundering &
Counter-Terrorism Financing
Program Policies
Afterpay | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd
27 March 2026
Last Approval Date
2069024504

Revision & Approval History
Ver Approver Type Description Date
.
3.0 Afterpay Scheduled Program enhancement and annual 31 July 2019
Board Review review
4.0 Afterpay Material Program enhancement 13 September
Board Change 2019
Approval
5.0 Afterpay Material Removal of designated service – Item 8 22 November
Board Change and further updates 2019
Approval
6.0 Afterpay Immaterial Update amended Afterpay business 26 February
Board Change names; allowing Foreign & HR PEPs, 2020
Approval naming conventions;
7.0 Afterpay Material Change of AML/CTF Compliance Officer, 12 August 2020
Board Change Updates to reflect amended consumer
Approval limits; other minor administrative
updates.
7.0 N/A Immaterial new template only 9 September
Change 2020
Approval
8.0 Afterpay Material Introduction of new designated service 22 March 2021
Board Change # 1 and # 3 for virtual cards tied to
Approval instore payments; # 54 Afterpay
Money); Inclusion of summary of
ApplePay and XBT ; other minor
changes to bring Part A up to date.
9.0 Afterpay Material Changes to employee due diligence, 17 December
Board Change new references to Global ML/TF and 2021
Approval Sanctions Risk Assessment and minor
changes to bring document up to date.
10. Afterpay Material Changes arising from acquisition of 28 June 2022
0 Board Change Afterpay by Block Inc.
Approval
Removal of local summary Risk
Assessment, to highlight adoption of
Global ML/TF and Sanctions Risk
Assessment, removal of requirements
for internal review, updates to approval
process, and changes to employee
training and due diligence process to
align with Block.
11.0 Afterpay Material Changes arising from the 09 December
Board Change decommissioning of the Afterpay Money 2022
Approval product (designated service 54.
11.1 Afterpay Material Change of AML/CTF Compliance Officer. 30 March 2023
Board Change Inclusion of the Afterpay Plus Card
Approval product.
N/A Immaterial New template only 31 August 2023
Change
Approval

Ver Approver Type Description Date
.
11.2 AML/CTF Material Adoption of the Afterpay Australia 2023 5 September
Compliance Change ML/TF and Sanctions Risk Assessment. 2023
Officer Approval Inclusion of the Afterpay Single Use
Payments SUP product. Minor
Afterpay 28 September
administrative changes to bring the
Board 2023
program up to date.
11.3 AML/CTF Material Adoption of the Afterpay Australia 2024 27 August 2024
Compliance Change ML/TF and Sanctions Risk Assessment.
Officer Approval Minor administrative changes to bring
the program up to date.
Afterpay 18 September
Board 2024
11.4 AML/CTF Material Program enhancement and update to 11 February
Compliance Change systems-based KYC Refresh. 2025
Officer Approval
Expansion of third parties section to
Martina Kann allow for intra-group outsourcing to
Block Inc.
Afterpay
Board Minor administrative changes to bring
the program up to date, including 31 March 2025
regulatory reform of the tipping off
offence framework.
AML/CTF
11.5 Immaterial Expansion of intra-group outsourcing to 17 May 2025
Compliance
Change Block Inc., to allow for employees based
Officer
Approval outside of the US.
Martina Kann
Removal of references to Single Use
Payments SUP due to
decommissioning of SUP.
AML/CTF
11.6 Immaterial Minor administrative changes to clarify 26 August 2025
Compliance
Change language.
Officer
Approval
Martina Kann
AML/CTF
11.7 Material Adoption of the Afterpay Australia 2025
Compliance
Change ML/TF and Sanctions Risk Assessment.
Officer
Approval
Minor administrative changes to bring
Martina Kann
the program up to date.
Addition of a Sanctions section to clarify
adherence to Blockʼs Sanctions
Framework.
12 Afterpay AU Material Redrafted the Program to AML/CTF 27 March 2026
Board Change Policies to comply with updated
Approval AML/CTF Law

Ver Approver Type Description Date
.
Martina Kann, 30 March 2026
Head of
Compliance
Afterpay ANZ;
and
Senior
Manager,
Afterpay ANZ
AML Program
Questions
Any questions arising from these AML/CTF Policies, please contact the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
or a Senior Manager.

Contents
Section A Overview of the Afterpay AU AML/CTF Program 5
1. Overview of the AML/CTF Program 5
1.1 About Afterpay AU 5
1.2 Afterpay AU AML/CTF Program 5
1.3 Application of these AML/CTF Policies 6
1.4 Enrolment and registration with AUSTRAC 6
2. Updates to the AML/CTF Program 6
2.1 Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment 6
2.2 Updates to AML/CTF Policies 7
2.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer review 7
2.4 Documenting updates to the AML/CTF Program 7
2.5 Role of supporting systems and processes 7
3. AUSTRAC feedback and guidance 8
3.1 Incorporation of AUSTRAC feedback and guidance 8
3.2 Actioning AUSTRAC feedback and guidance 8
4. Independent evaluations 9
4.1 Frequency of independent evaluations 9
4.2 Conducting an independent evaluation 9
4.3 Choosing appropriate third parties for independent evaluations 9
4.4 Response to independent evaluations 9
Section B Governance 11
5. Governing body 11
5.1 Responsibilities of Governing Bodies 11
5.2 Governing Body remaining informed 11
5.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body 11
6. Senior Managers 12
6.1 Overview of Senior Managers 12
6.2 Designation of Senior Managers for approving AML/CTF Program 13
6.3 Ongoing matters requiring approval of Senior Manager 13
6.4 AML/CTF Training for Senior Manager(s) 13
7. AML/CTF Compliance Officer 14
7.1 Designation of AML/CTF Compliance Officer 14
7.2 Fit and proper requirement 14
7.3 Functions of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer 14
7.4 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body 15
7.5 Delegation of duties 15
7.6 AML/CTF Training for the AML/CTF Compliance Officer 15
7.7 Notifying AUSTRAC of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer 15
Section C ML/TF Risk Assessment 16
8. ML/TF Risk Assessment 16
8.1 Overview of Afterpay AU ML/TF Risk Assessment 16
8.2 Afterpay AU ML/TF Risk Assessment 16
9. Reviewing the ML/TF Risk Assessment 16
9.1 Ongoing review of ML/TF Risk Assessment 16
9.2 Triggers and timing 16
9.3 Oversight of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment following Review 18
1

9.4 Exception – PF Risk Assessment 18
Section D Customer Due Diligence policies 18
10. Overview of Customer Due Diligence 18
11. Customer Types 19
11.1 Customer Types 19
11.2 Controls on Customer Types 19
11.3 New Customer Types 20
12. Assessing the ML/TF/PF risk of our Customers 20
12.1 How we assess the ML/TF/PF risk of our Customers 20
12.2 Assessing ML/TF Customer Risk 20
12.3 Our ML/TF Customer Risk Rating scale 20
13. Election to apply applicable Customer identification procedures 21
13.1 Undertaking Initial Customer Due Diligence 21
14. Afterpay AUʼs “Future Stateˮ Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures 21
14.1 Undertaking Initial Customer Due Diligence 21
14.2 Carrying out Initial Customer Due Diligence 22
14.3 Additional KYC Information that we may collect and/or verify 22
15. Circumstances where we modify how we undertake Initial Customer Due Diligence 23
15.1 Circumstances where we may delay the verification of KYC Information we collect 23
16. Simplified Customer Due Diligence 25
16.1 Applying Simplified Customer Due Diligence 25
16.2 How we carry out Simplified Customer Due Diligence 25
17. Enhanced Customer Due Diligence when undertaking Initial Customer Due Diligence 26
18. Politically Exposed Persons 26
18.1 Approach to determining Politically Exposed Persons 26
18.2 Approach to Politically Exposed Persons 26
18.3 Initial Customer Due Diligence and Politically Exposed Persons 26
19. Verifying KYC Information 27
19.1 How we verify KYC Information we collect 27
19.2 How we verify KYC Information when there is lack of satisfactory evidence of identity 27
19.3 Managing ML/TF/PF risk arising due because of lack of satisfactory evidence of identity 28
20. Overview of Ongoing Customer Due Diligence 28
21. Enhanced Customer Due Diligence when undertaking Ongoing Customer Due Diligence 29
21.1 When must we carry out Enhanced Customer Due Diligence 29
21.2 Enhanced Customer Due Diligence requiring source of wealth or source of funds information
29
21.3 Measures we may take as part of Enhanced Customer Due Diligence 30
22. Customer Monitoring Program 30
22.1 Monitoring Customers 30
22.2 Unusual transactions and behaviours 31
22.3 Our transaction monitoring systems 31
22.4 Monitoring procedures 32
22.5 Ongoing Customer Due Diligence and PEP 33
23. ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Program 33
23.1 When will we administer the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Program 33
23.2 Process for reviewing and updating the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of a Customer 34
23.3 Collection and verification of additional KYC Information where we update the ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating 34
2

24. KYC Refresh Program 34
24.1 Overview of KYC Refresh Program 34
24.2 When will we administer the KYC Refresh Program 34
24.3 Trigger based KYC Refresh Program 35
24.4 Process for administering KYC Refresh Program 35
24.5 Collection and verification of additional KYC Information where we identify potential material
inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy 35
24.6 What we do when we are unable to address an identified material inconsistency, inaccuracy
or discrepancy 36
Section E Financial sanctions 37
25. Financial sanctions 37
25.1 Our obligations in connection with financial sanctions 37
25.2 Approach to financial sanctions 37
Section F Personnel and service providers 39
26. Personnel due diligence 39
26.1 Personnel due diligence risk rating methodology 39
26.2 In-scope roles 39
26.3 High risk roles - risk indicators 39
26.4 In-scope roles - affected teams 39
26.5 Undertaking Personnel due diligence for new Afterpay AU Personnel 40
26.6 Undertaking Personnel due diligence for existing Afterpay AU Personnel 40
26.7 Undertaking Ongoing Personnel Due Diligence 40
26.8 Record Keeping 40
26.9 Service Provider Personnel due diligence 40
27. Breaches by Personnel 41
27.1 Monitoring of compliance 41
27.2 Testing for compliance 41
27.3 Consequences of non-compliance for Afterpay AU Personnel 41
27.4 Consequences of non-compliance for Service Provider Personnel 41
27.5 Record keeping 42
28. Personnel training 42
28.1 Training of Afterpay AU Personnel 42
28.2 Content of Afterpay AU Personnel training 42
28.3 Tailoring Afterpay AU Personnel Training 43
28.4 Change to our ML/TF Risk Assessment 43
28.5 Afterpay AU Personnel training 43
28.6 Updating the Afterpay AU Personnel training program 43
28.7 Breaches and non-compliance in connection with Afterpay AU Personnel training 43
28.8 Service Provider Personnel Training 44
28.9 Maintaining training program database 44
29. Breach escalation procedures 44
29.1 Breach reporting process 44
29.2 Escalation of AML/CTF breaches 44
29.3 Addressing AML/CTF breaches 45
29.4 Breaches register 45
Section G Registration and Travel Rule 46
30. Registration as a remittance provider 46
31. Application of the Travel Rule 46
3

32. Travel rule for Ordering Instructions 46
32.1 Value Transfers undertaken by Afterpay AU 46
32.2 Accepting instruction from a payer 46
32.3 Value Transfer is a Merchant Payment 46
32.4 Value Transfer through BECS 47
32.5 Value Transfer does not relate to a Merchant Payment or BECS 48
32.6 Timing to pass on information 49
32.7 Request to provide information 49
32.8 Exemption from the Travel Rule 50
Section H Reporting 51
33. Reporting obligations 51
33.1 Suspicious matter reports 51
33.2 Threshold Transaction Reports 54
33.3 Value Transfer Service reporting 55
33.4 AML compliance reports 55
33.5 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting responsibilities 56
34. Assessment of unusual matters 56
34.1 What is an assessment of potential suspicious matters 56
34.2 Who can submit a UAR? 56
34.3 Assessing UAR 56
34.4 Forming a Suspicion from a UAR 56
34.5 Law enforcement and government agencies 56
34.6 Ongoing review of UAR process 57
35. Preventing tipping off 57
35.1 Tipping off offence 57
35.2 Exceptions 57
35.3 Controls to manage tipping off risk 57
Section I Outsourcing and record keeping 59
36. Record keeping 59
36.1 Retention of records 59
37. Outsourcing and third-party technology providers 61
37.1 Engaging with Outsourced Services Providers 61
37.2 Controls on engagement of Outsourced Services Providers 61
37.3 Ongoing review and assessment of Outsourced Services Providers 62
Section J Definitions 63
38. Definitions 63
Schedule 1 ML/TF Risk Assessment - summary 69
Schedule 2 Designated Services 73
Schedule 3 Red Flag Risk Indicators 74
Schedule 4 Afterpay AU Senior Managers and AML/CTF Compliance Officer 76
Schedule 5 Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures 77
Schedule 6 Travel Rule 92
4

Section A Overview of the Afterpay AU AML/CTF Program
1. Overview of the AML/CTF Program
1.1 About Afterpay AU
Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd ACN 169 342 947 (Afterpay AU, we, or us) is a Reporting Entity enrolled
on the Reporting Entity Roll, and to be registered on the Remittance Sector Register managed by the
Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) for the purposes of AML/CTF Laws.
Afterpay AU is a subsidiary of Afterpay Pty Ltd, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Block, Inc. It is
a non-bank institution that offers short-term loans (also referred to as ‘Low Cost Credit Contractsʼ or
‘Buy Now Pay Later Contractsʼ under the National Credit Code), but does not hold a banking licence.
Afterpay AU offers a ‘Buy Now, Pay Laterʼ (BNPL) product service that allows a Customer to make an
interest free purchases using a short-term, low value loans at a participating merchant and to repay
the loan to Afterpay AU for them over four fortnightly instalments.
Customers ordinarily fund the repayment of the instalments to Afterpay AU from debit or credit cards.
Afterpay AU directly pays the merchant for the purchase price of the goods (less a fee), and assumes
the credit risk. Afterpay AU settles these funds to the merchantʼs nominated bank account by
providing instructions to its local bank partner to make those payments. There is no charge to a
Customer for the use of an Afterpay AU BNPL product as long as payments are made in accordance
with their payment schedule. Unlike some typical finance businesses, Afterpay AU relies and benefits
from Customers paying off their orders in full and on time.
Afterpay AUʼs BNPL product can also be accessed at merchant stores, via the use of an Afterpay AU
Card, or an Afterpay AU Plus Card.
Afterpay AU also allows Australian Customers to purchase goods and services from some merchants
in other markets where Afterpay AU is located. For Australian Customers, this is limited to Canada,
New Zealand, United Kingdom and the United States. Reciprocally, an Australian merchant can sell
goods and services to Customers in those same markets. This payment mechanism is called Cross
Border Trade. Payments to fund purchases and settle funds to merchants in these markets are
conducted through payment services provided by Afterpay AUʼs local bank. Payments from
Customers to Afterpay AU are made via the Customersʼ debit or credit cards via our payment
acquiring partners.
As at the end of November 2025, Afterpay AU has approximately 48K active direct merchants and
3.8M active Customers in Australia. The average transaction size is $117 and the average number of
purchases per Customer account is approximately 5 per month. As at the end of December 2025,
Afterpay AUʼs Australian business has approximately 545 employees, mostly based in Sydney and
Melbourne.
We recognise that there is a risk that Afterpay AUʼs BNPL product may be used to facilitate money
laundering, terrorism and proliferation financing. The Afterpay AU ML/TF Risk Assessment is
summarised in Schedule 1.
By having procedures to more effectively identify the Customers of our Designated Services, and
policies to manage and mitigate ML/TF/PF risk, we provide both a deterrent to persons considering
the misuse of our services but also generate records that provide an audit trail that may be relied
upon by law enforcement agencies entitled to access the information.
1.2 Afterpay AU AML/CTF Program
The Afterpay AU AML/CTF Program comprises:
5

● the ML/TF Risk Assessment of Afterpay AU,1 as summarised in Schedule 1; and
● these AML/CTF Policies. These AML/CTF Policies have been designed to:
○ appropriately manage and mitigate the risks of ML/TF/PF that Afterpay AU may
reasonably face in providing its Designated Services. Each Designated Service that
Afterpay AU provides (or may provide) to Customers are set out in Schedule 2;2
○ ensure that Afterpay AU complies with the obligations imposed by the AML/CTF
Laws;3 and
○ be appropriate to the nature, size and complexity of the Afterpay AU business.4
Afterpay AU must comply with these AML/CTF Policies.5
1.3 Application of these AML/CTF Policies
The Afterpay AU AML/CTF Program, including these AML/CTF Policies, was formally approved and
adopted by the Governing Body on 27 March 2026 and Senior Manager of Afterpay AU on 30 March
2026.
The full amendment and approval history of these AML/CTF Policies can be found at the beginning of
this document. Afterpay AU keeps a record of these approvals. The Designated Services provided by
Afterpay AU are listed in Schedule 2.
1.4 Enrolment and registration with AUSTRAC
Afterpay AU is required to enrol with AUSTRAC no later than 28 days after commencing to provide a
Designated Service as a Reporting Entity.6 Afterpay AU will be registered with AUSTRAC as described
in section 30.
As a Reporting Entity enrolled with AUSTRAC, we will advise the AUSTRAC CEO of any changes to the
enrolment details which were provided to AUSTRAC when we are enrolled as a Reporting Entity.7 This
includes information about our Designated Services,8 and information relating to us.9 It also includes
updating our annual earnings where earnings of $100 million or more occur.
As an independent remittance dealer registered with AUSTRAC, we will advise the AUSTRAC CEO of
any change in circumstances that could materially affect our registration, and changes to our
registrable details, changes to criminal or civil proceedings relating to us or our key personnel,
changes to information regarding other person assisting, changes to foreign country registrations or
licences, us ceasing to provide registrable services, changes to the details of beneficial owners, and
changes to persons located in foreign countries.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that the AUSTRAC CEO is notified of any changes to the
above enrolment or registration details within 14 days of the change occurring.10
2. Updates to the AML/CTF Program
2.1 Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment
The ML/TF Risk Assessment will be kept under review and updated from time to time as described in
Section C of these AML/CTF Policies.
1 AML/CTF Act, ss 26C – 26E.
2 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(a).
3 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(b).
4 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(c). AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(d) also requires the Reporting Entity to develop and maintain AML/CTF Policies that deal
with certain matters in respect of transfer of value. The Designated Services we provide do not trigger this obligation.
5 AML/CTF Act, ss 26G(1).
6 AML/CTF Act section 51B.
7 AML/CTF Act, s 51F.
8 AML/CTF Rules, r 3-9(1) which specifies information in r 3-2.
9 AML/CTF Rules, r 3-9(1) which specifies information in r 3-3.
10 AML/CTF Act, ss 51F(2)(a) and 75M(4)(a).
6

Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment:
● may be made with the approval of a Senior Manager with authority to do so. Senior
Managers with such authority are specified in Schedule 4; 11
● must be notified, in writing, to the Governing Body of Afterpay AU as soon as practicable
after the update is made; and12
● will result in a review and update of these AML/CTF Policies in accordance with
section 2.3.13
2.2 Updates to AML/CTF Policies
These AML/CTF Policies will be kept under review and updated from time to time including:
● as a result of any need identified as part of the AML/CTF Compliance Officerʼs review as
described in section 2.3;
● in response to AUSTRAC feedback and guidance as described in section 3;
● following an independent evaluation as described in section 4; and
● in response to a review of the ML/TF Risk Assessment as described in section 9.
Changes to the AML/CTF Policies must be approved by a Senior Manager with authority to do so.
Senior Managers with such authority are specified in Schedule 4.14
2.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer review
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that a review of the AML/CTF Policies is conducted at
least annually.15 This review will cover:
● our compliance with these AML/CTF Policies;
● the extent to which our AML/CTF Policies are appropriately managing and mitigating the
ML/TF/PF risk that we may reasonably face in providing our designated services; and
● our compliance with the AML/CTF Laws.16
Following this review, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must report to the Governing Body on the
findings of this review in accordance with section 5.3.
2.4 Documenting updates to the AML/CTF Program
If we update the AML/CTF Program (including these AML/CTF Policies or the ML/TF Risk
Assessment), we must document the AML/CTF Program (as updated) within 14 days after the update
occurs.17
2.5 Role of supporting systems and processes
These AML/CTF Policies will be supported by internal procedures, systems and controls to ensure
that Afterpay AU implements its obligations consistently with these AML/CTF Policies. These
supporting arrangements include, but are not limited to:
● Afterpay AU – AU Consumer Customer Risk Rating framework;
● Afterpay AU - AU Global Consumer Risk Rating Due Diligence Program ECDD/OCDD
● Afterpay AU - AU Ongoing Customer Due Diligence SOP
● Afterpay AU - AU Enhanced Customer Due Diligence SOP
● Afterpay AU - AU Global Transaction Monitoring Rulebook
● Afterpay AU - AU Automated Transaction Instruction Australia) SOP
11 Section 26P(1)
12 Section 26P(2)
13 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(c)(i).
14 Section 26P(1)
15 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(d).
16 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-7.
17 AML/CTF Act, s 26N(1); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-15(2).
7

● Afterpay AU - AU Consumer Watchlist Screening Instructions
● Afterpay AU - AU Unusual Activity Report Instructions
Any changes to the supporting internal procedures, systems and controls will be documented in those
materials.
The governance of changes to those supporting internal procedures, systems and controls will be
documented in those materials. Provided that the supporting internal procedures, systems and
controls operate consistently with these AML/CTF Policies, changes to those processes, systems and
controls may not require the approval of a Senior Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, we will ensure
that any material changes to our policies, procedures, systems and controls to manage the ML/TF
Risk will be approved by a Senior manager and/or the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
3. AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
3.1 Incorporation of AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
Our AML/CTF Policies have been developed and are updated taking into account:
● any applicable guidance material publicly disseminated or published by AUSTRAC; and
● any feedback we receive from AUSTRAC in respect of our own business or the industry
we operation in;
that is relevant to the identification, mitigation and management of ML/TF/PF risk arising from our
provision of Designated Services. We do this by following the process set out below in section 3.2.
3.2 Actioning AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
Following receipt of direct AUSTRAC feedback (either written or oral) or becoming aware of
applicable AUSTRAC guidance, a Senior Manager and/or the AML/CTF Compliance Officer (as
appropriate) will:
● have regard to the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance in determining whether an update to
the AML/CTF Program is necessary;
● consider the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance and any necessary action that we will need
to take to ensure ongoing compliance with AML/CTF Laws including incorporating the
feedback or guidance into any applicable assessments of PF/ML/TF risk, or underlying
processes, systems or controls;
● consult with AUSTRAC as is appropriate in the circumstances;
● provide a report containing the relevant details of the AUSTRAC feedback and the
AML/CTF Compliance Officerʼs recommendations in relation to the action to be taken (if
any) in respect of the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance, to the Governing Body within 30
business days of receiving the feedback; and
● maintain a register to document the information that has been communicated by
AUSTRAC.
Where it is appropriate to do so, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may inform AUSTRAC of any action
we have taken (or have decided to take), including but not limited to updating the AML/CTF Program,
in relation to the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance.
8

4. Independent evaluations
4.1 Frequency of independent evaluations
We will conduct independent evaluations of the AML/CTF Program including both the ML/TF Risk
Assessment and the AML/CTF Policies every 2 years.18
4.2 Conducting an independent evaluation
As part of the conduct of an independent evaluation, we will ensure the independent evaluation
involves:19
(a) evaluation of the steps taken by the Reporting Entity when undertaking or reviewing the
Reporting Entityʼs ML/TF risk assessment, against the requirements of the Act, the
regulations and the AML/CTF Rules;
(b) evaluation of the design of the Reporting Entityʼs AML/CTF policies, against the
requirements of the Act, the regulations and the AML/CTF Rules;
(c) testing and evaluation of the compliance of the Reporting Entity with the Reporting
Entityʼs AML/CTF policies;
(d) testing and evaluation of whether the Reporting Entity is appropriately identifying,
assessing, managing and mitigating the risks of money laundering, financing of terrorism
and proliferation financing that the Reporting Entity may reasonably face in providing its
designated services;
(e) production of a written report (an independent evaluation report) containing findings on
the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (d); and
(f) delivery of the independent evaluation report to the Governing body of the Reporting
Entity and to any Senior Manager responsible for approvals of the AML/CTF Program as
described in section 6.3.
4.3 Choosing appropriate third parties for independent evaluations
Afterpay AU, together with Blockʼs Internal Audit Team, will determine the suitability, independence,
requisite knowledge and experience of any third-party firm being engaged to conduct independent
evaluation and by considering whether they:
● have sufficient understanding of Afterpay AUʼs business including its products and
services, and the ML/TF/PF risks associated;
● have sufficient understanding of Afterpay AUʼs AML/CTF obligations;
● have not been involved in designing, implementing or maintaining of the AML/CTF
Program, including the ML/TF Risk Assessment and AML/CTF Policies, or any related
systems and controls;
● have not been involved in undertaking any of the functions or measures being reviewed;
and
● have appropriate experience, seniority and authority, including relevant industry expertise.
4.4 Response to independent evaluations
We will respond to an independent evaluation report by considering whether it has any adverse
findings in relation to our AML/CTF Policies.20
18 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(f).
19 AML/CTF Rules, r 5 – 10(2).
20 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-10.
9

If an independent evaluation report contains adverse findings in relation to our AML/CTF Policies we
will:
● as soon as practicable review the relevant AML/CTF Policies as set out in section 9.2;21
and
● as soon as practicable update any AML/CTF Policies to address the adverse findings.22
21 AML/CTF Rules, rr 5-1(2) and 5-4.
22 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-4.
10

Section B Governance
5. Governing body
5.1 Responsibilities of Governing Bodies
The Governing Body will exercise appropriate ongoing oversight of:
● our identification and assessment of the risk for the purposes of our ML/TF Risk
Assessment; and
● our compliance with our AML/CTF Policies and the AML/CTF Laws.23
The Governing Body will take reasonable steps to ensure that we are:
● appropriately identifying, assessing, managing and mitigating the risks of ML/TF/ PF that
that we may reasonably face in providing designated services; and
● otherwise complying with these AML/CTF Policies and the AML/CTF Laws.24
5.2 Governing Body remaining informed
The Governing Body will keep informed through:
● the ongoing reporting by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, as described in section 5.3;
● updates provided from Senior Managers, including as part of updating the Governing
Body as part of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment described in section 9.3; and
● ongoing training provided to the Governing Body, as described in section 28. Training for
the Governing Body will be appropriately tailored for the roles and responsibilities of the
Governing Body and will occur at least annually or otherwise upon request of any of the
Afterpay AU board members.
5.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body
The Governing Body will receive reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer in accordance with
the following:25
No Frequency Contents
1. At least every 12 months The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will report to the
Governing Body on the outcome of the annual review
undertaken as described in section 2.3. The report to the
Governing Body will cover:
● our compliance with these AML/CTF Policies;
● the extent to which our AML/CTF Policies are
appropriately managing and mitigating the risks
of ML/TF/PF that we may reasonably face in
providing our designated services; and
● our compliance with the AML/CTF Laws. 26
2. Quarterly The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will provide periodic
updates covering the following, to the extent relevant to the
reporting period:
● reports of, or the results from, independent
reviews, internal reviews or compliance
23 AML/CTF Act, s 26H(1)(a).
24 AML/CTF Act, s 26H(1)(b),
25 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5 – 7.
26 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5 – 7.
11

No Frequency Contents
assessments, or other assessments as to our
current state of compliance with the AML/CTF
Laws;
● reviews of the AML/CTF framework including
identification of, and progress in relation to,
AML/CTF processes, systems and controls or
other aspects of AML/CTF compliance requiring
uplift;
● AUSTRAC feedback, the management of
AUSTRAC feedback and information provided to
AUSTRAC (such as AML/CTF compliance reports
or responses to notices) in accordance with
section 3;
● relevant business trends which may include
operational metrics (for example, SMRs);
● relevant regulatory changes, market
developments or identification of new risk
typologies;
● identification and/or reporting of breaches of
AML/CTF Laws in accordance with section 29
and how relevant incidents are being remediated
and monitored; and
● any other subject matter that the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer considers appropriate to
bring to the Governing Bodyʼs attention.
3. Following an independent The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will report to the
evaluation Governing Body on the outcome of an independent
evaluation undertaken in accordance with section 4.2 as
soon as practicable of the independent evaluation report
being received.
4. Ad hoc at the request of Any updates otherwise contemplated under rows 1, 2 or 3
the AML/CTF Compliance above in this table outside the scheduled reporting periods
Officer, a Senior Manager as identified by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, a Senior
or the Governing Body. Manager or the Governing Body as being necessary or
appropriate in the circumstances.
All reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be provided with sufficient detail to enable the
Governing Body to engage with the information and enable the Governing Body to understand
ML/TF/PF risks and existing or developing compliance considerations.
6. Senior Managers
6.1 Overview of Senior Managers
We have identified Senior Managers with responsibility for making approvals of certain matters.
These Senior Managers have been identified as individuals who make, or participate in making,
decisions that affect the whole, or a substantial part, of the business of Afterpay AU.
12

Afterpay AU will have one or more Senior Managers designated to it. The roles and responsibilities of
each Senior Manager may differ. The names of the Senior Managers, and their approval authorities,
are set out in Schedule 4.
6.2 Designation of Senior Managers for approving AML/CTF Program
Our ML/TF Risk Assessment and AML/CTF Policies, including any updates to either, must be
approved by a Senior Manager.
Senior Managers will be responsible for approving:
● the AML/CTF Policies (including any updates to these); and
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment (including any updates to these),27
are specified in Schedule 4.
6.3 Ongoing matters requiring approval of Senior Manager
The approval of a Senior Manager will be obtained before we do any of the following:
● commence to provide a Designated Service to a Customer, we have established on
reasonable grounds that the Customer is receiving the service is a Foreign PEP;
● commence to provide a Designated Service to a Customer, if:
○ we have established on reasonable grounds that the Customer is receiving the service
is a Domestic PEP; and
○ the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer is high;
● commence to provide a Designated Service to a Customer, if:
○ we have established on reasonable grounds that the Customer is receiving the service
is an International Organisation PEP; and
○ the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer is high;
● continue a business relationship with a Customer if we have established on reasonable
grounds that the Customer is receiving the Designated Service:
○ has become a Foreign PEP; or
○ has become a Domestic PEP, or an International Organisation PEP, in circumstances
where the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer is high; or
● enter into an agreement or arrangement of the kind referred to in paragraph 37A1a of
the AML/CTF Act as the first entity.28
Senior Managers with authority to give this approval are specified in Schedule 4.
If we determine that a person was previously a PEP, we will treat then in accordance with the same
controls as an ongoing Politically Exposed Person if we consider it appropriate to do so having regard
to:
● whether the person still has influence over public policy or expenditure decisions;
● the time that has elapsed since the person was a Politically Exposed Person;
● whether the person is still prominent and politically connected; and
● any other information that suggests the person may still have a high ML/TF risk because
of their former status as a PEP.29
6.4 AML/CTF Training for Senior Manager(s)
To ensure that our Senior Managers have the necessary knowledge and skills to carry out their
approval functions, they will receive AML/CTF training as referred to in section 28.
27 AML/CTF Act, ss 26F(4)(c) and 26P(1).
28 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(e); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-5. AML/CTF Act, s 37A(1)(a): This is where there is a reliance arrangement between 2
reporting entities and the first reporting entity is seeking to rely on the CDD undertaken by the other entity. For the purposes of this section,
a foreign PEP is taken to be a domestic PEP of (a) and (b) in Rule 5-5(2).
29 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-5(5).
13

7. AML/CTF Compliance Officer
7.1 Designation of AML/CTF Compliance Officer
We must designate an AML/CTF Compliance Officer30 no later than 28 days after the day on which we
commence to provide a designated service.31
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer we appoint will be:
● a person employed or otherwise engaged by Afterpay AU at a management level;32
● a person with sufficient authority, independence and access to resources and information
to ensure the individual can perform the functions of an AML/CTF Compliance Officer
effectively;33
● a resident of Australia (if we provide designated services at or through a permanent
establishment in Australia);34 and
● a fit and proper person.35
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be appointed by the Governing Body.
7.2 Fit and proper requirement
To determine if an individual is a fit and proper person to be an AML/CTF Compliance Officer we will
have regard to:
● whether the individual possesses the necessary competence, skills, knowledge, diligence,
expertise and soundness of judgement to properly perform the duties of the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer for Afterpay AU (having regard to the nature, size and complexity of
Afterpay AU;
● whether the individual has the attributes of good character, honesty and integrity;
● whether the individual has been convicted of a serious offence;36
● whether the individual has been the subject of civil or criminal proceedings, or a
regulatory or disciplinary process in Australia or a foreign country that:
○ related to the management of an entity, or commercial or professional activity; and
○ involved an adverse finding as to the individualʼs competence, diligence, judgement,
honesty or integrity;
● whether the individual is an undischarged bankrupt under the law of Australia or a foreign
country;
● whether the individual has executed a personal insolvency agreement under Part X of the
Bankruptcy Act 1966 Cth or a similar law of a foreign country; and
● whether the individual has a conflict of interest that will create a material risk that the
individual will fail to properly perform the duties of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer for
Afterpay AU.37
7.3 Functions of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will:
● oversee and coordinate our day-to-day compliance with the AML/CTF Laws;
● oversee and coordinate the effective operation of and compliance with our AML/CTF
Policies;
● communicate, on behalf of us with AUSTRAC; and
30 AML/CTF Act, ss 26J(1) and 26F(4)(b).
31 AML/CTF Act, s 26K(2).
32 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(2)(a).
33 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(2)(b).
34 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(a).
35 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(b).
36 This does not affect the operation of Part VIIC of the Crimes Act 1914 (which includes provisions that, in certain circumstances relieve
persons from the requirement to disclose spent convictions and require persons aware of such convictions to disregard them).
37 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(c). AML/CTF Rules, r 5-14(1).
14

● do anything incidental to or conducive to the performance of any of the above functions.38
7.4 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body
The Governing Body will receive reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer as described in
section 5.3.39
7.5 Delegation of duties
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may delegate any of their duties to appropriately trained and skilled
Afterpay AU Personnel as they see fit and if appropriate, in the context of Afterpay AUʼs business
operations and AML/CTF compliance. In addition to delegating to Afterpay AU Personnel, the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer may also delegate in accordance with Outsourced Services Provider
delegations.
The responsibility for oversight of all AML/CTF matters resides with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will also retain overall responsibility for their role even where some
compliance functions are delegated.
7.6 AML/CTF Training for the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
To ensure that our AML/CTF Compliance Officer has the necessary knowledge and skills to carry out
their functions, they will receive AML/CTF training as referred to in section 28.
7.7 Notifying AUSTRAC of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
We will notify AUSTRAC of the individual who is designated as our AML/CTF Compliance Officer
within 14 days after the individual is designated as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.40
We will ensure this notice is in the approved form and contains the information and is accompanied by
such documents, as is required by the approved form.41
38 AML/CTF Act, s 26L.
39 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-7.
40 AML/CTF Act, s 26M(1).
41 AML/CTF Act, s 26M(2).
15

Section C ML/TF Risk Assessment
8. ML/TF Risk Assessment
8.1 Overview of Afterpay AU ML/TF Risk Assessment
Afterpay AU has conducted an ML/TF Risk Assessment - 2025 ML/TF and Sanctions Risk
Assessment, Afterpay AU Pty Ltd Nov 2025. In undertaking this ML/TF Risk Assessment, we have
had regard to the nature, size and complexity of Afterpay AUʼs business.42
We have had regard to the following matters in undertaking the ML/TF Risk Assessment where we
provide Designated Services at or through a permanent establishment in Australia:
● the kinds of Designated Services provided (including any new or emerging technologies
relating to those services);
● the kinds of Customers to whom Designated Services are or will be provided;
● the delivery channels (including any new or emerging technologies relating to those
delivery channels);
● the countries in which we deal/will deal, including the possible applicability of Australian
sanctions; and
● any information communicated directly or indirectly by AUSTRAC that identifies / assesses
the risks associated with our provision of Designated Services.43
8.2 Afterpay AU ML/TF Risk Assessment
Afterpay AU will not provide any Designated Services without an ML/TF Risk Assessment being in
place and kept up to date in accordance with these AML/CTF Policies.
A summary of our ML/TF Risk Assessment is set out in Schedule 1.
9. Reviewing the ML/TF Risk Assessment
9.1 Ongoing review of ML/TF Risk Assessment
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer is responsible for ensuring that the ML/TF Risk Assessment is
subject to ongoing review for the purpose of identifying and assessing any new risks or changes to
previously assessed ML/TF/PF risk.44 This ongoing review will be undertaken in a manner that is
appropriate to Afterpay AUʼs nature, size and complexity.
On a monthly basis, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will consider whether there has been a
significant change to any of the matters listed in section 8.1.45 If there has been a significant change to
one of these matters, the process as set out in section 9.2 below will be followed.
This monthly consideration of matters will form part of the AML/CTF Compliance Officerʼs regular
updates to the Governing Body and will be documented in the respective Board papers for the
relevant period.
9.2 Triggers and timing
A review of the ML/TF Risk Assessment (Review) must be undertaken if any of the following events
(Review Trigger Events) occur:
42 AML/CTF Act, s 26C(2).
43 AML/CTF Act, s 26C(3).
44 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1).
45 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(a).
16

Review Trigger Event Timing for Review and updates
There is a significant change to the Within control of Afterpay AU
matters listed in section 8.146 ● If the change is within the control of Afterpay AU,
the Review must be undertaken before the
significant change occurs.
● Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk
Assessment to address any issues identified in
the Review must be made before the significant
change occurs.
Not within control of Afterpay AU
● change is not within the control of Afterpay AU,
the Review must be undertaken as soon as
practicable after the significant change occurs.47
● Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk
Assessment to address any issues identified in
the Review must be made as soon as
practicable after the Review is completed.
● The Review must be undertaken as soon as
AUSTRAC communicates
practicable after the information is
information that identifies or
communicated.49
assesses risks associated with
Afterpay AUʼs provision of ● Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk
designated services.48 Assessment to address any issues identified in
the Review must be made as soon as
practicable after the Review is completed.
● The Review must be undertaken as soon as
An independent evaluation report
practicable after the Governing Body receives
contains adverse findings in
the independent evaluation report, in accordance
relation to the ML/TF Risk
with section 5.3.51
Assessment.50
● Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk
Assessment to address any issues identified in
the Review must be made as soon as
practicable after the Review is completed. 52
In addition, the ML/TF Risk Assessment must be reviewed by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer at least
annually (whether or not any of the above events occur)53 and as per Blockʼs Global AML & Sanctions risk
Assessment Framework.
Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk Assessment to address any issues identified in the Review must be
made as soon as practicable after the Review is completed. 54
46 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(a)(i).
47 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(a) – (b).
48 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(a)(ii).
49 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(c).
50 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(a)(iii); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-1(1).
51 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(d). AML/CTF Rules, r 5-1(2).
52 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(4)(b).
53 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(b).
54 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(4).
17

9.3 Oversight of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment following Review
The updated ML/TF Risk Assessment must be approved by a Senior Manager in accordance with
section 2.1. The change must be notified to the Governing Body as practicable after the update in
accordance with section 2.1.
9.4 Exception – PF Risk Assessment
As set out in the summary of the ML/TF Risk Assessment in Schedule 1 we have assessed the PF risk
we may reasonably face as low.
As a result of this assessment, we have determined that our PF risk can be appropriately managed
and mitigated by our policies, procedures, systems and controls that we have in place to manage and
mitigate ML or TF risks as detailed in these AML/CTF Policies. 55
The PF risk we reasonably face when providing Designated Services is kept under ongoing review in
accordance with this section 9.
Section D Customer Due Diligence policies
10. Overview of Customer Due Diligence
Our approach to Customer Due Diligence is set out in this Section D of these AML/CTF Policies. This
Section D sets out:
Overview Detail Note
The Customer Type that we Section 11 Effective from 31 March
ordinarily provide Designated 2026
Services to.
How we assess ML/TF/PF risk in Section 12 Effective from 31 March
connection with Customers and how 2026
this is used in providing Designated
Services.
Election to apply applicable Section 13 Effective from 31 March
Customer identification procedures 2026 until 30 March
2029, or an earlier date
as determined by us
How we undertake Initial Customer Sections 14 and 15 Delayed until 31 March
Due Diligence including where we 2029, or an earlier date
may delay and otherwise modify as determined by us
undertaking Initial Due Diligence.
The circumstances where we: Sections 16 and 17 Delayed until 31 March
● may apply Simplified 2029, or an earlier date
Customer Due Diligence; as determined by us
● must apply Enhanced
Customer Due Diligence;
as part of Initial Customer Due
Diligence.
55 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(11).
18

Overview Detail Note
How we determine and assess PEPs Section 18 Delayed until 31 March
2029, or an earlier date
as determined by us
How we verify KYC Information as Section 19 Delayed until 31 March
part of Customer Due Diligence 2029, or an earlier date
as determined by us
How we undertake Ongoing Sections 20 - 24 Effective from 31 March
Customer Due Diligence including 2026
the monitoring of Customers and
how we:
● monitor for unusual
transactions and
behaviours;
● review and update ML/TF
Customer Risk; and
● review and update KYC
Information relating to a
Customer.
11. Customer Types
11.1 Customer Types
Whenever we receive a request for the provision of a Designated Service from a prospective
Customer, we must first establish the Customer Type. Ordinarily, we provide Designated Services to
individuals only, therefore the Customer Type is individuals not acting in a business capacity or sole
trader.
11.2 Controls on Customer Types
We take steps to ensure that:
● we are engaging directly with our Customer;
● that no person is acting on behalf of the Customer in engaging with Afterpay AU; and
● the Customer is obtaining Afterpay AUʼs services for personal use only, and not in
connection with the conduct of any business.
The Customer Due Diligence that we undertake, including the Initial Customer Due Diligence
Procedures, are designed to reflect that we are engaging directly with individual Customers who are
not sole traders, do not have any persons acting on their behalf, do not have any beneficial owner and
are not receiving a Designated Service for another person.
We ensure that our onboarding process and ongoing provision of Designated Services is consistent
with this status of the Customer. For example: during the onboarding process, only an individual
person is able to set-up an Afterpay AU account, in their individual capacity, as the system does not
allow for any other option. Furthermore, the Afterpay AU terms and conditions explicitly state that
Afterpay AU does not allow other persons to use an individual's Afterpay AU account.
19

11.3 New Customer Types
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may decide that it is appropriate for us provide Designated
Services to a Customer Type to whom we do not ordinarily provide Designated Services. In doing so,
the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must have regard to the relevant ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the
prospective Customer.
We will amend these AML/CTF Policies if we decide to provide Designated Services to a new
Customer Type on a regular or continual basis and consider whether any changes are required to the
ML/TF Risk Assessment in accordance with section 9.
12. Assessing the ML/TF/PF risk of our Customers
12.1 How we assess the ML/TF/PF risk of our Customers
Before we provide a Designated Service to a Customer, we will assess the ML/TF/PF risk we may
reasonably face in providing a Designated Service to the Customer.56 We will conduct the assessment
of ML/TF Customer Risk, and assign the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating to the Customer, on the basis of
KYC Information about the Customer that is reasonably available to use before commencing to
provide the Designated Service.57
The ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of a Customer is not static and may change as we undertake
ongoing or enhanced Customer Due Diligence in connection with our Customer.
12.2 Assessing ML/TF Customer Risk
We will take into account the following matters when assessing the ML/TF Customer Risk of a
Customer:
● our ML/TF Risk Assessment;
● the Customer Type;
● the kinds of Designated Service provided, or proposed to be provided, by us to the
Customer;
● the delivery channels by which we will provide the Designated Service to the Customer;
● the countries with which we deal, or will deal, in providing the Designated Service to the
Customer, including the possible applicability of Australian sanctions; and
● any matters prescribed by the AML/CTF Rules, to be kept under review on an ongoing
basis.58
12.3 Our ML/TF Customer Risk Rating scale
We will conduct assessment of ML/TF Customer Risk in accordance with the Afterpay AU – AU
Consumer Customer Risk Rating framework.
Based on our assessment of the ML/TF Customer Risk, we will assign to a Customer a ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating of:
● low;
● medium; or
● high.
The ML/TF Customer Risk Rating will impact:
● how we carry out Customer Due Diligence; and
56 AML/CTF Act, s 28(3)(b). AML/CTF Act, s 5: ML/TF risk a Customer means the risks of money laundering, financing of terrorism and
proliferation financing that a reporting entity may reasonably face in providing the designated service, or designated services, to the
Customer.
57 AML/CTF Act, s 28(3)(b).
58 AML/CTF Act, s 28(4). There are no additional matters currently prescribed by the AML/CTF Rules.
20

● when we are required to collect and/or verify additional KYC Information when carrying
out Customer Due Diligence.
13. Election to apply applicable Customer identification procedures
13.1 Undertaking Initial Customer Due Diligence
Important note: AUSTRAC is currently working on a transitional provision for the delay of new Initial
Customer Due Diligence obligations until 31 March 2029.59 The ICDD transitional rules will apply to
existing Reporting Entities. During the transition period existing Reporting Entities may choose either
to:
● continue to use their existing Applicable Customer Identification Procedures (ACIP) when
onboarding a new Customer for a period of up to 3 years; or
● transition to the reformed ICDD obligations at any time from 31 March 2026 to 30 March
2029.
Afterpay AU has opted to:
● continue to carry on ACIP; and
● apply ACIP to all Customers to whom the Afterpay AU commences to provide a
Designated Service at or through a permanent establishment in Australia,
until the new ICDD procedures (set out in sections 14 to 19 are fully implemented by Afterpay
AU, which must occur on or before 31 March 2029.
14. Afterpay AUʼs “Future Stateˮ Initial Customer Due Diligence
Procedures
14.1 Undertaking Initial Customer Due Diligence
Afterpay AUʼs “Future Stateˮ Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures (effective from 31 March
2029 or on the date Afterpay AU fully implements the ICDD procedures, whichever occurs first)
Subject to modifications described in these AML/CTF Policies, we must not commence to provide a
Designated Service to a Customer until we have established on reasonable grounds the following
matters:60
● the identity of the Customer;
● whether the Customer is:
(i) a PEP; or
(ii) a person designated for Targeted Financial Sanctions;
● the nature and purpose of the business relationship or occasional transaction; and
● any other matter relating to the Customer that is specified by the AML/CTF Rules from
time to time.61
In establishing these matters on reasonable grounds, we must demonstrate the following matters:
● if the Customer is an individual, that we have taken reasonable steps to establish that the
Customer is who they claim to be;
59 See AUSTRAC’s media release at:
https://www.austrac.gov.au/reforms/amlctf-transitional-rules-update#Transitional%20period%20for%20initial%20customer%20due%20d
iligence%20(CDD), accessed 5 Feb 2026.
60 AML/CTF Act, s 28(1).
61 AML/CTF Act, s 28(2).
21

● that we have identified the ML/TF Customer Risk of the Customer based on KYC
Information reasonably available to us before commencing to provide the Designated
Service;
● that we have collected KYC Information about the Customer that is appropriate to the
ML/TF Customer Risk; and
● that we have verified such KYC Information using Reliable and Independent Data that is
appropriate to the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating. See section 18.62
We satisfy our obligation to establish the matters set out above about our Customers on reasonable
grounds, and demonstrate the matters in the points above, by carrying out the Initial Customer Due
Diligence Procedures.
14.2 Carrying out Initial Customer Due Diligence
As part of our Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedure:
● we may undertake Simplified Customer Due Diligence in accordance with section 16;63
● where triggered, we must undertake Enhanced Customer Due Diligence in accordance
with section 17;64 and
● we will modify how we ordinarily carry out the Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures
in certain circumstances described in section 15.
The Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures detail the KYC Information we will collect and verify
about a Customer. More detailed KYC Information may be collected and verified depending on KYC
Information collected about the Customer and the relevant circumstances. Instances where additional
KYC Information will be collected and verified when undertaking Initial Customer Due Diligence are
described in the Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures and in section 24.5.
14.3 Additional KYC Information that we may collect and/or verify
The additional KYC Information we collect and/or verify will depend on:
● the circumstances we consider trigger our obligation to collect and/or verify additional
KYC Information; and
● if applicable, what additional KYC Information we consider to be appropriate to collect
and/or verify in those circumstances having regard to the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of
the Customer.
However, additional KYC Information we may consider as appropriate to collect and/or verify in those
circumstances may include (if we have not already collected it):
● the Customerʼs occupation, business activities or functions;
● formal confirmation of the Customerʼs purpose and intention in requesting the relevant
Designated Service including where appropriate the purpose of specific transactions, or
the expected nature and level of transactions to be undertaken by the Customer;
● if we have not already collected it, any other name the Customer is known by (other than
that already provided);
● the Customerʼs country(ies) of citizenship and residence;
● the Customerʼs financial position and other information regarding the income or assets
available to the Customer;
● the Customerʼs source of funds, including where appropriate, confirmation of the origin of
funds;
● the beneficial ownership of the funds used by the Customer with respect to the
Designated Service;
62 AML/CTF Act, s 28(3).
63 AML/CTF Act, s 31.
64 AML/CTF Act, s 32.
22

● confirmation of the intended beneficiaries of the proposed transactions including, where
appropriate, the destination of funds; and
● obtaining a statutory declaration from the Customer.
15. Circumstances where we modify how we undertake Initial
Customer Due Diligence
15.1 Circumstances where we may delay the verification of KYC Information we
collect
We may provide a Designated Service prior to establishing on reasonable grounds all the matters
about our Customer in accordance with the applicable Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures if:
● we have determined on reasonable grounds that commencing to provide the Designated
Service before we have carried out Initial Customer Due Diligence in relation to the
Customer is essential to avoid interrupting the ordinary course of business;
● we are able to carry out Initial Customer Due Diligence in relation to the Customer within
the time period specified in the table below after commencing to provide the Designated
Service:
● we have determined on reasonable grounds that any additional risk ML/TF/PF associated
with carrying out Initial Customer Due Diligence after we have commenced to provide the
Designated Service to be low;65 and
● we have implemented AML/CTF Policies to mitigate and manage the associated risks66;
and
● the provision of the Designated Service occurs in one of the circumstances specified in
the table below:
Circumstance67 Requirements Time period for carrying out
Initial Customer Due Diligence
Designated Services Where we are providing a As soon as reasonably
provided in Australia68 Designated Service at or through a practicable, and no more than
permanent establishment of ours in 20 business days, after
Australia, we may delay verification commencing to provide the
of the KYC Information we have Designated Service.
collected provided that:
● we have taken
reasonable steps to
establish the Customer is
who they claim to be;
● we have assigned the
Customer an ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating
based on the KYC
Information that is
reasonably available to
us;
65 AML/CTF Act, s 29.
66 AML/TF Act, s 29(e).
67 This does not include all circumstances prescribed. We have only included those circumstances that may be relevant to the Reporting
Entity’s designated services.
68 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-12.
23

Circumstance67 Requirements Time period for carrying out
Initial Customer Due Diligence
● we have collected KYC
Information about the
Customer in accordance
with the applicable Initial
Customer Due Diligence
Procedures that are
appropriate to the ML/TF
Risk Customer Rating,
other than source of
wealth or source of
funds, to the extent
otherwise required;
● we have established the
identity of the Customer
on reasonable grounds in
accordance with the
applicable Initial
Customer Due Diligence
Procedure; and
● we will not:69
○ transfer, or allow or
facilitate the transfer
of, money, property
or virtual assets for
or on behalf of the
Customer; or
○ otherwise make
money, property or
virtual assets
available to the
Customer (other than
the holding of the
money, property or
virtual assets in the
account or otherwise
on deposit from the
Customer),
before satisfying our obligation to
undertake Initial Customer Due
Diligence in respect of the Customer.
In the capacity of Where we provide an item 1 As soon as reasonably
account provider, Designated Service (see Schedule practicable after commencing
opening an account in 2, or another Designated Service to provide the Designated
certain circumstances70 reasonably incidental to the Service.
provision of an item 1 Designated
69 For the avoidance of doubt, we will not allow any of those activities unless we have established on reasonable grounds all the relevant
matters set out in the applicable Customer Due Diligence Procedure.
70 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-13.
24

Circumstance67 Requirements Time period for carrying out
Initial Customer Due Diligence
Service, we may delay verification
of the KYC Information we collect
provided that:
● the Designated Service is
provided at or through a
permanent establishment
of ours in Australia; and
● we will not:71
○ transfer, or allow or
facilitate the transfer
of, money, property or
virtual asset for or on
behalf of the
Customer; or
○ otherwise make
money, property or
virtual assets available
to the Customer (other
than holding the
money, property or
virtual assets in an
account or otherwise
on deposit from the
Customer),
before satisfying our obligation to
undertake Initial Customer Due
Diligence in respect of the
Customer.
16. Simplified Customer Due Diligence
16.1 Applying Simplified Customer Due Diligence
We may apply Simplified Customer Due Diligence Measures as part of undertaking Customer Due
Diligence, if the following conditions are satisfied:
● the ML/TF risk of the Customer is low; and
● the circumstances that trigger ECDD set out in section 17 do not apply to the Customer.
16.2 How we carry out Simplified Customer Due Diligence
We carry out Simplified Customer Due Diligence as part of Initial Customer Due Diligence in
accordance with Schedule 5.
71 For the avoidance of doubt, we will not allow any of those activities unless we have established on reasonable grounds all the relevant
matters set out in the applicable Customer Due Diligence Procedure.
25

17. Enhanced Customer Due Diligence when undertaking Initial
Customer Due Diligence
Where Enhanced Customer Due Diligence applies as part of Initial Customer Due Diligence, we will
apply the Enhanced Customer Due Diligence processes as described in Schedule 5.
18. Politically Exposed Persons
18.1 Approach to determining Politically Exposed Persons
We establish on reasonable grounds whether a Customer is a PEP prior to the provision of the
Designated Services to our Customers.
Any potential matches are reviewed to determine whether the match for the Customer is correct. This
may include conducting further checks where appropriate. Possible additional checks include
confirming that the date of birth or country of the person matches with that of the potentially matched
PEP.
18.2 Approach to Politically Exposed Persons
If during Initial Customer Due Diligence we establish on reasonable grounds that:
● a Customer is a Foreign Politically Exposed Person:
○ the Customer will be assigned a ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of high;
○ Enhanced Customer Due Diligence must be applied to the Customer relationship; and
○ the approval of the Senior Manager must be obtained in accordance with section 6.3
prior to the provision of the Designated Service;
● a Customer is a Domestic PEP or International Organisation PEP
○ the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating will be considered having regard to the status of the
person; and
○ the approval of the Senior Manager must be obtained in accordance with section 6.3
prior to the provision of the Designated Service if the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating is
high;
18.3 Initial Customer Due Diligence and Politically Exposed Persons
We are also required to establish certain additional matters on reasonable grounds in relation to a
Customer during Initial Customer Due Diligence in connection with Politically Exposed Persons. 72
The circumstances triggering this obligation and the matters we must establish in those
circumstances is set out in the table below.
Circumstance triggering obligation Prescribed Matters
We have established on reasonable grounds that We must establish the following matters on
the Customer is a Foreign PEP. reasonable grounds during Initial Customer Due
Diligence, as described in the Initial Customer
Note: We will treat a Foreign PEP as a Domestic
Due Diligence Procedure:
PEP in these circumstances if:
● source of the PEPʼs wealth; and
● we are to provide the Designated
● source of the PEPʼs funds.
Service to the Customer at or
through a permanent establishment
of ours in a foreign country; and
72 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-23.
26

Circumstance triggering obligation Prescribed Matters
● the Foreign PEP has that status
because of their connection to the
same foreign country. 73
We have:
● established on reasonable grounds
that the Customer is a Domestic PEP;
and
● assigned a ML/TF Customer Risk
Rating of high.
We have:
● established on reasonable grounds
that the Customer is an International
Organisation PEP; and
● assigned a ML/TF Customer Risk
Rating of high.
19. Verifying KYC Information
19.1 How we verify KYC Information we collect
We ordinarily verify the KYC Information we collect using the Reliable and Independent Data.
The Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures describe the data we consider to be Reliable and
Independent Data to verify the KYC Information we collect. We have determined this data to be
Reliable and Independent Data having regard to:
● the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating;
● the accuracy and security of the data;
● how comprehensive the data is;
● the verifiability of the data;
● who is responsible for maintaining the data and the sources of the data;
● whether the data is able to be additionally authenticated.
The Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures allow the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to determine
source information to be Reliable and Independent and used for verification in the circumstances. In
making this determination the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must have regard to the above factors.
19.2 How we verify KYC Information when there is lack of satisfactory evidence of
identity
We may verify KYC Information collected about a Customer, who is an individual using data that is
sources that are not described in the Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures Alternative
Measures) if that individual is unable to provide satisfactory evidence of identity because:
● the individual is unable to obtain the information or evidence; or
● the Individual is unable to access the information or evidence due to circumstances
beyond their control. 74
73 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-23(3).
74 AML/CTF Rules, rr 6-10(a) – 6-10(b).
27

We may only use Alternative Measures to verify KYC Information collected about the individual if we
have:
● taken reasonable steps to establish that the individual is who they claim to be in
accordance with the Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedure; and
● if the individual is our Customer:
○ identified the ML/TF Customer Risk, based on the KYC Information about the Customer
that is reasonably available to us prior to providing the Designated Service;
○ collected KYC Information about the Customer that is appropriate to the ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating;
○ taken reasonable steps to verify the KYC Information collected about the Customer
using data reasonably available to us that is appropriate to the ML/TF Customer Risk
Rating of the Customer; 75 and
● we have complied with the with section 19.3. 76
19.3 Managing ML/TF/PF risk arising due because of lack of satisfactory evidence
of identity
We may verify KYC Information using Alternative Measures under section 19 in accordance with the
following:
● if the individual cannot provide satisfactory evidence of identity in accordance with the
Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures, the matter will be referred to the Afterpay AU
AML/CTF Compliance Officer who will determine whether it is appropriate having regard
to the ML/TF Risk arising as a result of the lack of information or evidence to verify the
KYC Information collected about the Customer in accordance with section 19.1;
● we will not rely on data that is reasonably available to us if we know or have reason to
believe that data is misleading or incorrect; and
● we will only verify the KYC Information collected about the Customer in accordance with
section 19.2 in exceptional circumstances which may include, but are not limited to:
○ people who are Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander;
○ people experiencing family and domestic violence;
○ people experiencing periods of homelessness;
○ people who have experienced recent periods of incarceration;
○ people who are a refugees, asylum seekers or recent migrants to Australia (including
from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds);
○ people who are transgender, intersex or gender diverse;
○ people who did not have their birth registered;
○ young people who have not established a social footprint in the community; and
○ people in less developed jurisdictions with limited access to formal evidence of identity.
20. Overview of Ongoing Customer Due Diligence
We monitor our Customers in relation to the provision of our Designated Services to appropriately
identity, assess, manage and mitigate the risks of ML/TF/PF that we may reasonably face in providing
our Designated Services.77
We do this by following the systems and controls:
75 AML/CTF Rules, rr 6-10(c) – 6-10(d)(i) – (iii).
76 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-10(e).
77 AML/CTF Rules, ss 30(1).
28

● we administer a Customer Monitoring Program in accordance with section 21 to monitor
for unusual transactions and behaviours of Customers that may give rise to a suspicious
matter reporting obligation;78
● we administer a ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Program in accordance with
section 21;79 and
● we administer a KYC Refresh Program in accordance with section 24.80
21. Enhanced Customer Due Diligence when undertaking Ongoing
Customer Due Diligence
21.1 When must we carry out Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
We must undertake Enhanced Customer Due Diligence in relation to a Customer if one or more of the
following circumstances apply to the Customer when we undertake Customer Due Diligence:
● where we assign a ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of high to a Customer;
● if:
○ a suspicious matter reporting obligation arises for us in relation to the Customer; and
○ we propose to continue to provide a Designated Service to the Customer;
● the Customer is a Foreign Politically Exposed Person;
● the Customer is who has since relocated and is physically present in a high-risk
jurisdiction for which FATF has called for enhanced due diligence to be applied or a
jurisdiction that is the subject of Australian sanctions; or
● the Customer has requested a provision of a Designated Service that:
○ has no apparent economic or legal purpose;
○ would involve unusually complex or large transactions; or
○ would have an unusual pattern of transactions. 81
21.2 Enhanced Customer Due Diligence requiring source of wealth or source of
funds information
When Enhanced Customer Due Diligence is triggered as part of Ongoing Customer Due Diligence we
will ensure that we hold the following KYC Information if the circumstances triggering ECDD require it.
Circumstance triggering ECDD Information we must hold
A ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of high is If the matter is relevant to the nature of the
assigned to the Customer. ML/TF/PF risk of the Customer, we must hold
information about the following matters:
A suspicious matter reporting obligation arises
● source of the Customerʼs wealth;
for us in relation to the Customer in accordance
and
with section 33 of these Policies and we
propose to continue to provide a Designated ● source of the Customerʼs funds.
Service to the Customer.
The Customer is:
● an individual who is physically
present in a high risk jurisdiction for
which FATF has called for enhanced
due diligence to be applied or a
78 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(a).
79 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(b)
80 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(c).
81 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-20.
29

Circumstance triggering ECDD Information we must hold
jurisdiction that is the subject of
Australian sanctions; or
● a body corporate or legal
arrangement that was formed in a
high risk jurisdiction for which FATF
as called for enhanced due diligence
to be applied or a jurisdiction that is
the subject of Australian sanctions.
We will also consider whether any additional KYC Information should be obtained in respect of any
particular Customer, having regard to the considerations described in section 21.
21.3 Measures we may take as part of Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
When Enhanced Customer Due Diligence is triggered, we will undertake measures appropriate to the
particular Customer that is being considered having regard to the context of the Customer, the
transaction and the Designated Service to be provided, the Customer Type and the nature of the
ML/TF Customer Risk.
Measures we undertake may include (without limitation):
● seeking information from the Customer or from third party sources in order to clarify or
update KYC Information already collected from the Customer;
● clarify the nature of the Customerʼs ongoing business with us;
● undertake more detailed analysis of the Customerʼs KYC Information including, where
appropriate, taking reasonable measures to identify:
○ the source of the Customerʼs wealth; and
○ the source of the Customerʼs funds;
● verify or re-verify KYC Information in accordance with the applicable Customer Due
Diligence procedures. Where Enhanced Due Diligence Procedures are undertaken as part
of Ongoing Customer Due Diligence, we will consider what KYC Information is relevant to
the circumstances in determining what KYC Information will be verified or re-verified;
● undertake more detailed analysis and monitoring of the Customerʼs transactions – both
past and future, including, but not limited to:
○ the purpose, reasons for, or nature of specific transactions; or
○ the expected nature and level of transaction behaviour, including future transactions;
● seek AML/CTF Compliance Officer or Senior Manager approval for:
○ continuing the business relationship with a Customer; and
○ whether a Designated Service should continue to be provided to the Customer; and
● consider whether a transaction or particular transactions should be processed.
22. Customer Monitoring Program
22.1 Monitoring Customers
We monitor our Customers in relation to the provision of our Designated Services to identify, assess,
manage and mitigate the risks of ML/TF/ PF that we may reasonably face in providing the Designated
Services.82
In order to monitor our Customers, we will:
82 AML/CTF Act, s 30(1).
30

● monitor for ‘unusual transactions and behavioursʼ of Customers that may give rise to a
suspicious matter reporting obligation, as described in sections 22.2 - 22.4;
● review and, where appropriate, update our identification and assessment of the ML/TF
Customer Risk in accordance with the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Program as
described in section 23;
● review and, where appropriate, update and reverify KYC information relating to the
Customer at a frequency appropriate to the ML/TF Customer Risk, in accordance with the
KYC Refresh Program described in section 24;83 and
● screen Customers on a daily basis against updated lists of entities and persons subject to
Targeted Financial Sanctions in accordance with the sanction screening procedures as
described in section 25.2.
22.2 Unusual transactions and behaviours
As part of monitoring our Customers on an ongoing basis, we will monitor for activity or behaviour
that may give rise to a suspicious matter reporting obligation or other abnormal or atypical activity.
We have adopted transaction monitoring procedures as described in section 22.4 for this purpose.
This may include activity or behaviour that may be suggestive of any of the following:
● circumstances that indicate the Customer may not be who they initially had claimed to be;
● circumstances that indicate the Customer may be seeking the delivery of Designated
Services:
○ in connection with the commission of a ML, PF or TF offence; or
○ in connection with the commission of any other offence against any laws of the
Commonwealth, States or Territories of Australia;
This may include monitoring certain ‘Red Flagʼ risk indicators in Schedule 3.
‘Unusual transactions and behavioursʼ of a Customer may include:
● unusually large or complex transactions relating to the Customer;
● transactions and behaviours that are part of an unusual pattern of transactions and
behaviours relating to the Customer;
● transactions and behaviours that that may involve any payment or asset being made
available to a third party other than the Customer or to a country that is the subject of
Australian sanctions;
● transactions and behaviours that have no apparent economic or lawful purpose; and
● transactions and behaviours that are inconsistent with what we reasonably knows about
any of the following:
○ the Customer;
○ the nature and purpose of the business relationship;
○ the ML/TF Customer Risk;
○ where relevant, the Customerʼs source of funds or source of wealth.84
22.3 Our transaction monitoring systems
Afterpay AUʼs transaction monitoring systems comprise of automated transaction monitoring and
manual transaction monitoring.
Automated transaction monitoring
Afterpay AU applies an automated transaction monitoring system to Customer and merchant
transactions. This system runs a set of rules over all transactions on the Afterpay AUʼs platform which
generates an alert if rule criteria is met.
83 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2). Also AML/CTF Rules, rr 6-21 and 6-22.
84 AML/CTF Act, s 30(5).
31

This system is designed to detect behaviours that may indicate increased ML/TF/PF activities. The
targeted rules run against Customer transaction data and populate a set of queues with alerts to
review. The automated transaction monitoring rules are documented in Afterpay AUʼs ‘Global
Transaction Monitoring Rulebookʼ and are as follows:
● in store sale made outside of regular business hours;
● high percentage of a merchantʼs Customers are new Customers;
● high percentage of a Customerʼs purchases are made with same merchant;
● high percentage of a merchantʼs Customersʼ orders have been repaid early;
● delivery address is in a high risk country;
● large value of refunds;
● account takeover;
● unusual merchant activity, including outlier transactions, relative to the merchantʼs category
average;
● multiple purchases of the same item from the same merchant;
● suspected collusion between merchants and Customers, and
● high proportion of a Customerʼs orders are repaid early.
On a periodic basis, Afterpay AU also manually reviews historic transactional data to identify trends in
potential ML/TF/PF risk to help improve its monitoring processes (i.e. the parameters and thresholds
of transaction monitoring rules). We also assess Customer limits at every individual transaction a
Customer makes as a preventative control to minimise fraud risk and associated ML/TF/PF risk by
restricting the number or the value of purchases a Customer can make.
Further detail about the Automated Transaction Monitoring System, the rules currently implemented
and the steps taken by Afterpay AU once an alert is generated, is contained in the Automated
Transaction Monitoring Instruction Australia) SOP.
Manual transaction monitoring
Afterpay AUʼs manual transaction monitoring is comprised of staff members who are trained to review
and detect unusual activity, including:
● complex or unusually large transactions;
● transactions that exceed our internal thresholds and triggers;
● changes in levels of trading or financial activity (e.g. account balances) that are inconsistent
with the size of past activities;
● irregular or unusual patterns of account activity that are characteristic of money laundering or
terrorism financing or otherwise have no apparent economic or visible purpose;
● Customer complaints (including significant number or unusual pattern of Customer complaints
for a particular merchant);
● unusual patterns of repayment behaviour or transactions (or both); or
● where there is a concern that a Customer is not who they claim to be; and
● where Afterpay AU has received contact through law enforcement or other Government
agencies about a particular Customer, transaction or service.
Following review of information in these reports, a staff member may determine that a UAR should be
lodged with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
22.4 Monitoring procedures
Customer Monitoring may result in:
● a Customer being required to provide additional KYC information;
● a Customer being subject to Enhanced Customer Due Diligence;
● a suspicious matter report being filed; and/or
● the termination of the Customerʼs relationship.
32

22.5 Ongoing Customer Due Diligence and PEP
If, as part of undertaking Ongoing Customer Due Diligence we identify certain matters in connection
with PEPs, we will take the steps as described in the table below: 85 86
Circumstance triggering obligation What we must do
The Customer becomes a Foreign PEP. We must review, and where appropriate, update
and reverify KYC Information relating to the
Note: We will treat a Foreign PEP as a Domestic
Customer having regard to the matters
PEP in these circumstances if:
described in section 18.2.
● we are to provide the Designated
Service to the Customer at or
through a permanent establishment
of ours in a foreign country; and
● the Foreign PEP has that status
because of their connection to the
same foreign country. 87
We have:
● established on reasonable grounds
that the Customer has become a
Domestic PEP; and
● we have assigned a ML/TF Customer
Risk Rating of high to the Customer.
We have:
● established on reasonable grounds
that the Customer has become an
International Organisation PEP; and
● we have assigned a ML/TF Customer
Risk Rating of high to the Customer.
23. ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Program
23.1 When will we administer the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Program
If we have an ongoing business relationship with a Customer, we will review and, where appropriate,
update the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer where:88
(a) there is a significant change to one or more of the following matters in relation to the Customer:
○ our ML/TF Risk Assessment;
○ the Customer Type;
○ the kinds of Designated Service provided, or proposed to be provided, by us to the
Customer;
○ the delivery channels by which we will provide the Designated Service to the
Customer;
85 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-24.
86 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(c).
87 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-24(2).
88 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(b).
33

○ the countries with which we deal, or will deal, in providing the Designated Service to
the Customer, including the possible applicability of Australian sanctions; and
○ any matters prescribed by the AML/CTF Rules;89 or
(b) we have identified unusual transactions and behaviours in relation to the Customer that may give
rise to a Suspicious Matter Reporting Obligation in accordance with our Customer Monitoring
Program.
23.2 Process for reviewing and updating the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of a
Customer
The ML/TF Customer Risk Rating review will involve reviewing the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the
Customer and whether it remains appropriate and accurate having regard to:
● the significant change that has occurred that triggered our obligation to administer the
ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Program as described in 23.1(a);
● the unusual transactions and behaviours in relation to the Customer that triggered our
obligation to administer the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Program as described in
23.1(b).
If following that review we consider that the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer is no longer
appropriate, we will update the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating accordingly. We may increase or
decrease the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating following a review under this section.
23.3 Collection and verification of additional KYC Information where we update
the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating
Where the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating is updated (e.g., from low to medium or high), we will review
and, where appropriate, update and reverify KYC information relating to the Customer having regard
to the applicable Customer Due Diligence Procedure in accordance with the Customerʼs updated
ML/TF Customer Risk Rating.
This may require us to collect and verify additional KYC Information about or in relation to the
Customer. Having regard to the significance of the changes or the nature of the unusual transactions
that triggered our obligation to administer the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Program, we may
also elect to re-verify information we have already collected about the Customer.
24. KYC Refresh Program
24.1 Overview of KYC Refresh Program
We will review, and where appropriate, update and reverify KYC Information relating to a Customer: 90
● on a periodic basis appropriate to the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating, as described in
section 24.2; and
● on the basis of triggers, as described in section 24.3.
24.2 When will we administer the KYC Refresh Program
If we have an ongoing business relationship a Customer, we will review and, where appropriate,
update and reverify KYC Information relating to the Customer at the following intervals:
Customer ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Interval
Low Every 3 years
89 AML/CTF Act, s 28(4). There are no additional matters currently prescribed by the AML/CTF Rules.
90 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(c).
34

Customer ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Interval
Medium Every 2 years
High Annually
24.3 Trigger based KYC Refresh Program
If we have an ongoing business relationship a Customer, we will review and, where appropriate,
update and reverify KYC Information relating to the Customer:
● if we have doubts about the adequacy or veracity of the KYC Information relating to the
Customer; and
● if our obligation to administer our KYC Refresh Program is triggered in connection with a
Politically Exposed Person (see section 22.5. 91
24.4 Process for administering KYC Refresh Program
The KYC Refresh Program will involve reviewing KYC Information we have collected and verified in
relation to a Customer for consistency, accuracy and discrepancies. We will follow the process in
section 24.5 if we identify a potential material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy during this
review.
24.5 Collection and verification of additional KYC Information where we identify
potential material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy
Where the KYC Information is determined to require updating because a potential material
inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy has been identified, we will collect additional KYC
Information in relation to a Customer that is required to address the potential material inconsistency,
inaccuracy or material discrepancy.
We will verify the additional KYC Information collected for the purposes of addressing the potential
material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy on the following basis:
● if we administer the KYC Refresh Program because we have reasonable doubts about the
adequacy or veracity of the KYC Information relation to the Customer, we will verify the
KYC Information required for us to be reasonably satisfied that we have addressed the
potential inconsistency, inaccuracy or material discrepancy identified;
● if we administer the KYC Refresh Program because our obligation to administer our KYC
Refresh Program is triggered in connection with a Politically Exposed Person, we will
verify the KYC Information required for us to be reasonably satisfied that we have
addressed the potential inconsistency, inaccuracy or material discrepancy identified;
● where the Customer has advised us of the change to the Customerʼs profile or we are
administering the KYC Refresh Program because a trigger in relation to the Customer has
occurred, we will not verify the information collected unless the ML/TF Customer Risk
Rating of the Customer is high; and
● if we administer the KYC Refresh Program because of a periodic review of a Customer, we
will verify and/or re-verify the CDD requirements where relevant i.e. in the event of
expired IDʼs, inaccurate information, a material change in the Customerʼs risk profile,
additional ECDD requirements and others.
In accordance with our approach to verification in paragraphs (a) and (d) above, we may also elect to
re-verify information we have already collected about the Customer.
91 AML/CTF Act, ss 30(2)(c)(i) – 30(2)(c)(ii); AML/CTF Rules, r 6-24.
35

We have determined that a material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy would include, for
example, where a Customer has provided an ABN with multiple digits that do not match. A material
inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy would not arise due to, for example, abbreviations (i.e.,
“streetˮ and “Stˮ).
24.6 What we do when we are unable to address an identified material
inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy
If we are still unable to address the potential material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy, the
Customer will be referred to our AML/CTF Compliance Officer for further assessment. The AML/CTF
Compliance Officer will determine what additional KYC Information will be collected and/or verified.
If we are still unable to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be, the AML/CTF Compliance
Officer may determine to terminate the business relationship with the Customer and prohibit the
further provision of Designated Services to the Customer.
36

Section E Financial sanctions
25. Financial sanctions
25.1 Our obligations in connection with financial sanctions
When providing Designated Services, we must ensure that we do not:
● make any assets available to, or available for the benefit of a person designated for
Targeted Financial Sanctions, in contravention of the Autonomous Sanctions Act 2011 or
the Charter of the United Nations Act 1945; and
● use or deal with or allow or facilitate the use of or dealing with, any assets owned or
controlled (directly or indirectly) by a person designated for Targeted Financial Sanctions,
in contravention of the Autonomous Sanctions Act 2011 or the Charter of the United
Nations Act 1945. 92
25.2 Approach to financial sanctions
We implement the follow procedures to ensure that we do not take any action that would result in us
breaching our obligations in connection with Targeted Financial Sanctions in providing Designated
Services:
Risk assessment
● Our procedures are informed by our ML/TF Risk Assessment, as set out in section 8 and 9.
Any changes to the ML/TF Risk Assessment will consider whether any updates are
needed to our procedures for managing financial sanctions.
● Our procedures in relation to any outsourced or third-party providers will consider
financial sanctions risks in accordance with section 37.
Due Diligence, screening and monitoring
● In relation to Customers) we conduct sanctions screening against all of our Customers in
accordance with the applicable Customer Due Diligence procedures.
Governance and oversight over screening results
● We maintain a process flow to govern how any possible matches in sanctions screening
are to be addressed, including how to resolve any ‘false positivesʼ or otherwise determine
whether to freeze any asset that is owned or controlled by a designated person and to
notify the Australian Sanctions Office and Australian Federal Police. Any updates to the
process flow will be approved by the Afterpay AU AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
Monitoring
● Sanctions screening forms part of our Ongoing Customer Due Diligence by ensuring
Afterpay AU is aware of any Customers with a sanctions nexus through ongoing daily
automated screening.
Record keeping
● Records are kept in accordance with section 36.1, including in relation to sanctions
screening.
92 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(e); AML/CTF Rules r 5-3.
37

Training
● Training of Personnel addresses financial sanctions risks in accordance with section 28.
38

Section F Personnel and service providers
26. Personnel due diligence
26.1 Personnel due diligence risk rating methodology
Before a personʼs employment or engagement as Afterpay AU Personnel (who will perform functions
related to our obligations under the AML/CTF Act), we will assess:
● the personʼs skills, knowledge and expertise relevant to the particular responsibilities of
the person under our AML/CTF Policies; and
● the personʼs integrity. 93
Before making any employment or engagement offer to a person, our human resources department
must give the Afterpay AU AML/CTF Compliance Officer details of the applicant and a description of
the role that the applicant will undertake if employed or otherwise engaged.
The Afterpay AU AML/CTF Compliance Officer must assign the proposed role a risk rating in
accordance with the methodology described below.
26.2 In-scope roles
Due diligence is role-based and is required on persons who are, or will be, employed in a role where
they currently perform, or will perform, functions relevant to the Afterpay AUʼs obligations under the
AML/CTF Act.
26.3 High risk roles - risk indicators
‘High risk rolesʼ include the roles set out in the Employee Due Diligence Standard or other roles
assigned by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer as required.
High risk roles include those where employees have the ability to:
● facilitate ML/TF/PF or pose serious compliance risks if fulfilled by someone
● with inadequate skills, knowledge or integrity,
● directly influence Financial Crime policies
● access Financial Crime data / systems
● bypass or override AML/CTF requirements or settings.
In determining these roles, consideration has been applied to roles where the employee can:
● design or influence Financial Crime policies
● access or authorise regulatory reporting such as IFTIʼs/Value Transfers, SMRs, TTRs
● override Financial Crime controls
● authorise or manage payments
● amend processes such as temporary exemptions or workarounds
● approve merchant onboarding
● approve Customer onboarding
● amend Customer risk profiles or audit trails
● access sensitive business/Customer information.
26.4 In-scope roles - affected teams
Roles in the following teams are deemed in-scope for Personnel due diligence:
● All roles in the “Afterpay ANZ Complianceˮ team supporting the Afterpay AU business
93 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(7)(a), AML/CTF Act; AML/CTF Rules r 5-8.
39

● All roles in the “Compliance Operations Program Managementˮ team supporting the
Afterpay AU business
● All roles in the “KYC Operationsˮ team supporting the Afterpay AU business
● All roles in the “Afterpay Transaction Monitoring and SMRˮ team supporting the Afterpay
AU business
● All roles in the “Afterpay Lending Teamˮ team supporting the Afterpay AU business
● All roles in the “Afterpay Merchant Onboardingˮ team supporting the Afterpay AU business
26.5 Undertaking Personnel due diligence for new Afterpay AU Personnel
People being considered for In Scope roles must undergo the following:
● two 2 reference checks, noting referees must be from different organisations;
● Australian criminal history and bankruptcy searches (if resided in Australia 3 years in the
last 5 years);
● International background checks for countries where resided 1 years in the last 5 years.
The above must be performed by an external accredited organisation.
If reference checks are unavailable or adverse results found, or a material deficiency is discovered,
AML/CTF Compliance Officer and HR Compliance must be engaged to assess and agree suitability (or
not).
26.6 Undertaking Personnel due diligence for existing Afterpay AU Personnel
If a member of Afterpay AU Personnel is offered a promotion or is offered a role which increases their
level of responsibility or autonomy, human resources personnel must give the AML/CTF Compliance
Officer a description of the role.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must assess the role in accordance with the risk rating
methodology described above and having regard to the ML/TF/PF risks we are exposed to and
whether the role would be reasonably likely to allow the person a significant opportunity to facilitate
ML/TF/PF activity.
If the AML/CTF Compliance Officer assigns a high risk to the role, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
must ensure we obtain, to the extent that they have not earlier been obtained in relation to the
Personnel, the results of the same checks as set out in the sections above.
If these checks reveal any adverse or seriously inconsistent results, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
and human resources Personnel will meet to consider whether it is appropriate to promote the
applicant. A record of all searches conducted and any discussions in relation to a decision to employ
or engage must be recorded and maintained in accordance with our record keeping obligations set
out in section 36.
26.7 Undertaking Ongoing Personnel Due Diligence
Due Diligence must be conducted on all In Scope Personnel on an annual basis, incorporating police
checks (domestic or international depending on the work location of the employee) and adverse
media checks. The AML Compliance Officer will develop and maintain a register to ensure coverage.
26.8 Record Keeping
All records relating to personnel due diligence must be retained for seven 7 years.
26.9 Service Provider Personnel due diligence
Due Diligence must be conducted on the Outsourced Service Provider.
40

Where the Outsourced Service Provider arrangement will involve Service Provider Personnel working
for one of the In Scope teams, we will adopt either of the following options:
● conduct due diligence on the Service Provider Personnel following the same criteria as
above for new Afterpay AU Personnel; or
● require the Outsourced Service Provider:
○ to have policies and procedures in place which require due diligence to be undertaken
on Service Provider Personnel to a standard equivalent to those applying to Afterpay
AU Personnel, including on an upfront and ongoing basis; and
○ to provide ongoing reporting to us in connection with Service Provider Personnel due
diligence in terms agreed between us and the Outsourced Service Provider in a manner
which we have assessed as appropriate having regard to the ML/TF/PF risk associated
with the arrangement.
27. Breaches by Personnel
27.1 Monitoring of compliance
Breaches (or apparent breaches) of the AML/CTF Laws or these AML/CTF Policies by any Personnel
must be reported to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must monitor and immediately report to the Governing Body:
● any breaches or non-compliance with these AML/CTF Policies by any Afterpay AU
Personnel;
● any breaches or non-compliance with the obligations by Outsourcing Service Providers or
the associated Service Provider Personnel in connection with these AML/CTF Policies and
the agreement between the parties.
27.2 Testing for compliance
The Afterpay AU AML/CTF Compliance Officer must regularly (and at least annually) review and
sample at random a Personnelʼs compliance with the systems, controls and procedures contained in
these AML/CTF Policies and report any breaches or non-compliance.
27.3 Consequences of non-compliance for Afterpay AU Personnel
If any Afterpay AU Personnel fails without reasonable excuse to comply with any system control or
procedure contained in these AML/CTF Policies, Afterpay AU may take the one or more of the
following steps, depending on the scale and seriousness of the violation:
● we will deliver individual feedback to address the errors, mistakes, or areas of
improvement;
● the Afterpay AU Personnel will be required to attend a relevant training program;
● we will issue formal verbal and/or written warnings;
● schedule performance improvement plan; and
● the Governing Body will consider whether any disciplinary action is appropriate having
regard to the breach or failure to comply and the Afterpay AU Personnelʼs history of
compliance with these AML/CTF Policies.
27.4 Consequences of non-compliance for Service Provider Personnel
If the Outsourcing Service Provider fails to ensure that Service Provider Personnel are complying with
any system control or procedure contained in these AML/CTF Policies, the Governing Body will
consider whether it is appropriate to continue the ongoing engagement of that Outsourcing Service
Provider and otherwise consider appropriate action to respond to this non-compliance.
41

27.5 Record keeping
All breaches or non-compliance with these AML/CTF Policies must be recorded and periodically
reviewed in accordance with section 29.
28. Personnel training
28.1 Training of Afterpay AU Personnel
We will provide training to Afterpay AU Personnel in relation to:
● the ML/TF/PF risk that we may reasonably face in providing our Designated Services; and
● the obligations imposed on us by the AML/CTF Laws, including our obligations in relation
to financial sanctions. 94
We will each ensure that the Afterpay AU Personnel directly involved in the provision of a Designated
Service receive appropriate AML/CTF training at least once a year. This may include attending
seminars relating to AML/CTF, completion of the relevant e-learning courses prepared by AUSTRAC,
and discussions with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
The extent and frequency of the training will vary according to the personʼs involvement in or
influence over the delivery of Designated Services.
Our Afterpay AU Personnel training will be developed by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer in order to
provide Personnel appropriate training in relation to identifying transactions or investors or borrowers
which may be using our Designated Services to launder money or finance terrorism or undertaking
proliferation financing.
We will ensure that the training provided to a person: 95
● is appropriate having regard to:
○ the particular function performed by the person;
○ the particular risks of ML/TF/PF that are relevant to the personʼs function; and
○ the particular responsibilities of the person under these AML/CTF policies; and
● is readily understandable by the person.
28.2 Content of Afterpay AU Personnel training
Having regard to the ML/TF/PF risk we face, the Afterpay AU Personnel training we provide must
(where relevant) give Afterpay AU Personnel training at appropriate intervals including for:
● for new Afterpay AU Personnel upon induction;
● when an existing Afterpay AU Personnelʼs ML/TF risk profile changes as a result of the
taking on a new role or new duty that may expose them to other ML/TF risks and AML/CTF
functions; and
● for all other Afterpay AU Personnel at least annually.
Under the training program, Afterpay AU Personnel need to be made aware of:
● our obligations as a Reporting Entity under the AML/CTF Laws including, but not limited to,
the requirement to report suspicious matters, threshold transactions and other compliance
matters, including our obligations to comply with financial sanctions;
● procedures and processes which must be carried out by the Afterpay AU Personnel in
accordance with these AML/CTF Policies including, but not limited to the Initial Customer
Due Diligence Procedures and Ongoing Customer Due Diligence;
● the consequences of non-compliance with these AML/CTF Policies; and
94 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(e).
95 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-9(3).
42

● the type of ML/TF/PF risks that we face and the consequences of failing to address these
risks.
28.3 Tailoring Afterpay AU Personnel Training
We acknowledge that Afterpay AU Personnel have roles with different AML/CTF functions and varied
ML/TF/PF risk levels, we will tailor appropriate training for Afterpay AU Personnel exposed to these
different risks.
Some roles may need technical training while others may only need general awareness. For example:
● all personnel in Customer-facing roles need an awareness of indicators of suspicious
activity and reporting procedures.
● Afterpay AU Personnel responsible for undertaking enhanced Customer Due Diligence and
investigating suspicious matters need a deeper understanding of the ML/TF risks that our
business faces and procedures they must follow.
28.4 Change to our ML/TF Risk Assessment
If our ML/TF Risk Assessment materially changes or new designated services or delivering methods
are implemented, updated training may be required to address this.
The training required will depend on the scope of an Afterpay AU Personnelʼs role and the level of
responsibility they have been given; and the risk rating the role has been assigned in accordance with
Afterpay AUʼs Personnel Risk Rating Methodology and Register.
28.5 Afterpay AU Personnel training
If the Afterpay AU Personnelʼs role within Afterpay AU is one which has been assigned a medium or
high risk by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, then, in addition to the training outlined in section 28.2
above, that Afterpay AU Personnel must be given further training as appropriate.
Part of the training that the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must provide to Afterpay AU Personnel must
include extra training to help Afterpay AU Personnel detect the likely occurrence of ML/TF/PF activity.
Under the training program, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must ensure that ongoing training is
available at appropriate intervals and ensure Afterpay AU Personnel are fulfilling their training
obligations.
28.6 Updating the Afterpay AU Personnel training program
The Afterpay AU AML/CTF Compliance Officer must keep a training register which records all relevant
training undertaken by Afterpay AU Personnel, the relevant date the training was undertaken and
track when further training is due.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must amend the training program where appropriate to ensure
updated information relevant to that training (including as determined via awareness of information
provided through the AUSTRAC website) is taken into account. AUSTRAC may, for example, provide
updates on the type of transactions requiring extra checks or monitoring if industry practice shows
evidence of a higher risk for certain transactions over other transactions.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer should also check the AUSTRAC website regularly for case
scenarios that have been provided which assist in explaining the requirements that we, as a Reporting
Entity, must follow in order to ensure that our risk awareness training program is compliant.
28.7 Breaches and non-compliance in connection with Afterpay AU Personnel
training
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will regularly check that Afterpay AU Personnel are attending
and/or completing all required training sessions. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must report to the
43

Governing Body any instances of non-compliance with our Afterpay AU Personnel training and any
failures by Afterpay AU Personnel to undertake training at appropriate times.
Those Afterpay AU Personnel who fail to attend and/or complete training sessions must attend and/or
complete the next available training session. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be responsible for
ensuring all Afterpay AU Personnel attend and/or complete all required training.
Any ongoing failures of Afterpay AU Personnel to undertake required training will be considered in
accordance with section 27.3.
28.8 Service Provider Personnel Training
Where the Outsourced Service Provider arrangement will involve Service Provider Personnel, we will
require the Outsourced Service Provider:
● to have policies and procedures in place which require training to be provided to Service
Provider Personnel to a standard equivalent to those applying to Afterpay AU Personnel,
including on an upfront and ongoing basis; and
● to provide quarterly reporting to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer in connection with
Service Provider Personnel training in terms agreed between us and the Outsourced
Service Provider in manner which we have assessed as appropriate having regard to the
ML/TF/PF risk associated with the arrangement. The quarterly report will highlight any
exceptions which may include (but not limited to):
○ failure to maintain staff training records;
○ failure to ensure training material of a legislative nature is reviewed by the outsourced
service providerʼs Compliance Officer prior to delivery;
○ failure to ensure that all training material reflects all AML/CTF and related legislation
correctly and fully;
○ failure to identify staff that have not undertaken required compliance training; or
○ where relevant, failure to ensure that on-going training requirements have been met.
If the Outsourcing Service Provider fails to ensure that Service Provider Personnel are undertaking
appropriate AML/CTF training the Governing Body will consider whether it is appropriate to continue
the ongoing engagement of that Outsourcing Service Provider and otherwise consider appropriate
action to respond to this non-compliance.
28.9 Maintaining training program database
Both Afterpay AU and its Outsourced Services Providers will be required to maintain a database which
records all AML/CTF training and development undertaken by their Personnel, including:
● name of Personnel member;
● details of training undertaken;
● completion status; and
● date completed.
29. Breach escalation procedures
29.1 Breach reporting process
Breaches (or apparent breaches) of the AML/CTF Laws or these AML/CTF Policies must be reported
to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
29.2 Escalation of AML/CTF breaches
Where there has been a failure to comply with any system, control or procedure established in
accordance with these AML/CTF Policies that:
44

● has not been, or is incapable of being, fully remedied within [five 5 business days; or
● the AML/CTF Compliance Officer otherwise considers to be significant,
the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must notify a Senior Manager, as soon as possible.
29.3 Addressing AML/CTF breaches
The Senior Manager(s) will work with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to consider the breach and
prepare a plan of action to address the breach (including, where relevant, the causes of the breach).
This may include one or more of the following:
● preparation of a targeted project plan to remedy the breach;
● creation of a timeline for further review of any relevant parts of these AML/CTF Policies;
● updates or amendments to these AML/CTF Policies or any applicable underlying policies
and procedures;
● alterations to particular products or services, or our business model; or
● any other actions that a Senior Manager or the Governing Body considers is appropriate.
If appropriate, a Senior Manager alongside the ANZ Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee will
approve a plan of action.
Where a Senior Manager and the AML/CTF Compliance Officer consider it is appropriate to do so, the
details of the breach and the plan of action may then be presented to the Governing Body by the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer. Where this occurs, the Governing Body will review the information
provided by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer and will take the action that the Governing Body
determines is necessary after considering the breach and any other matters that it considers to be
relevant.
29.4 Breaches register
The Afterpay AU AML/CTF Compliance Officer must keep a breach register which contains details of
any breaches (or potential breaches) or failure to comply with the procedures set out in these
AML/CTF Policies. On an annual basis, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must review the breach
register and consider whether the breaches or non-compliance which occurred during the relevant
period indicate any material gaps or systemic deficiencies in the Afterpay AUʼs AML/CTF Program
that are yet to be addressed; and make relevant recommendations to the Governing Body on how
these deficiencies will be rectified.
45

Section G Registration and Travel Rule
30. Registration as a remittance provider
Afterpay AU provides the Designated Services set out in Schedule 2 of these AML/CTF Policies. As
these Designated Services include an Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service, the service will
constitute a ‘registrable remittance serviceʼ under the AML/CTF Act. 96
Afterpay AU must not provide a registrable remittance service, unless it is registered as:
● a registered independent remittance provider; or
● a registered remittance affiliate of a registered remittance network provider,
before it provides the relevant service. 97
Afterpay AU is registered as a registered independent remittance provider on the Remittance Sector
Register.
31. Application of the Travel Rule
As the provider of an Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service, Afterpay AU is subject to the Travel
Rule as an Ordering Institution. 98
32. Travel rule for Ordering Instructions
32.1 Value Transfers undertaken by Afterpay AU
Afterpay AU must comply with the Travel Rule as applicable to an Ordering Institution. This requires
Afterpay AU to collect, verify and pass on prescribed information.
Afterpay AU may provide Ordering Institution Value Transfer Services relating to:
● Merchant Payments; and
● other Value Transfer services that are not connected to Merchant Payments.
Afterpay AUʼs policies for meeting its Travel Rule obligations in providing Ordering Institution Value
Transfer Services are described in this section 32 and further detailed in Schedule 6.
32.2 Accepting instruction from a payer
When Afterpay AU provides an Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service, the service will commence
with Afterpay AU accepting a transfer instruction from a Customer (payer). This instruction may be:
● verbal;
● written; or
● implicit under a standing arrangement.
The instruction may be provided directly or indirectly.
The instruction will describe who the value is being transferred to (payee).
32.3 Value Transfer is a Merchant Payment
If the Value Transfer is a Merchant Payment or a refund of Merchant Payment:
● we are not required to collect or verify any information.99 However, we may have collected
information on the payer as part of our Customer Due Diligence; and
96 AML/CTF Act, s 5.
97 AML/CTF Act, ss 74(1A) and (1B).
98 AML/CTF Act, s 64.
99 AML/CTF Act, ss 64(2)(a) and 64(2)(b); AML/CTF Rules, r 8-8(5).
46

● we are required to pass on the card number of the card (including a tokenised reference)
100 that the payer used in relation to the Merchant Payment. 101
32.4 Value Transfer through BECS
If:
● the Transfer of Value is a domestic Transfer of Value; and
● the Ordering Institution passes on the Transfer Message for the Transfer of Value through
BECS, BPAY or DEFT,
we will be required by the Travel Rule to:
Prescribed information
Information to collect 1. the payer information, including the payerʼs full name,
and one or more of the following:
○ a unique Customer identification number
given to the payer by the ordering
institution;
○ a unique identifier for the payer;
○ if the payer is an individual—the payerʼs date
and place of birth;
○ the payerʼs full business or residential
address (not being a post box) 102
Note: We are not required to re-collect information on
the payer if we have:
○ previously collected the information as part
of our Customer Due Diligence, or from a
previous Transfer of Value; and
○ no reason to doubt the adequacy or truth of
this information.
2. the payeeʼs full name103
Information to verify The payer information. 104
Note: no separate step needs to be undertaken if we
have otherwise done this as part of our ICDD or OCDD
processes.
For Customers who are subject to section 642 or 643
of the AML/CTF Rules, and where we have no
reasonable grounds to doubt the adequacy or veracity
of the payer information, no further verification is
required for Ordering Institution Value Transfer Services
commenced to be provided before 1 July 2030. 105
100 AML/CTF Rules, r 1-4.
101 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3.
102 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(a).
103 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(a).
104 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(b).
105 AML/CTF Rule, r 8-8(7).
47

Prescribed information
Information to pass on 1. tracing information for the payer, which is information
that allows us to identify the account of the payer, such
as:
○ an account number, or
○ a unique transaction reference number; and
2. tracing information for the payee, which is information
that allows the Beneficiary institution to identify the
payeeʼs account, such as:
○ the account number for the payeeʼs account,
or
○ a unique transaction reference number.106
32.5 Value Transfer does not relate to a Merchant Payment or BECS
After receiving the instruction, if the Value Transfer does not relate to a Merchant Payment, a refund
of Merchant Payment, BECS, BPAT, or DEFT, we will be required by the Travel Rule to:
Prescribed information
Information to collect 1. the payer information, including the payerʼs full name,
and one or more of the following:
○ a unique Customer identification number
given to the payer by the ordering
institution;
○ a unique identifier for the payer;
○ if the payer is an individual—the payerʼs date
and place of birth;
○ the payerʼs full business or residential
address (not being a post box) 107
Note: We are not required to re-collect information on
the payer if we have:
○ previously collected the information as part
of our Customer Due Diligence, or from a
previous Transfer of Value; and
○ no reason to doubt the adequacy or truth of
this information.
3. the payeeʼs full name
Information to verify The payer information. 108
Note: no separate step needs to be undertaken if we
have otherwise done this as part of our ICDD or OCDD
processes.
106 AML/CTF Rules, r 1-4.
107 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(a).
108 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(b).
48

Prescribed information
For Customers who are subject to section 642 or 643
of the AML/CTF Rules, and where we have no
reasonable grounds to doubt the adequacy or veracity
of the payer information, no further verification is
required for Ordering Institution Value Transfer Services
commenced to be provided before 1 July 2030. 109
Information to pass on 1. the payer information, as collected and verified in
accordance with this section;
2. the payeeʼs full name, as collected in accordance with
this section;
3. tracing information for the payer, which is information
that allows us to identify the account of the payer,
such as:
○ an account number, or
○ a unique transaction reference number; and
4. tracing information for the payee, which is information
that allows the Beneficiary institution to identify the
payeeʼs account, such as:
○ the account number for the payeeʼs account,
or
○ a unique transaction reference number. 110
32.6 Timing to pass on information
If the Transfer Message for the Value Transfer does not give effect to the Value Transfer then, the
Transfer Message must be passed on before, or at the same time as, the Ordering Institution gives
effect to the Value Transfer.
32.7 Request to provide information
As an Ordering Institution, Afterpay AU must pass on the information set out in section 32.3 to 32.5 to
the next institution in the Value Transfer Chain:
● as soon as practicable after receiving a request from the institution; and111
● in any case, within 3 business days after receiving sufficient information from the other
institution to process the request.112
If:
● the Value Transfer relates to a Merchant Payment; and
● Afterpay AU provides an item 29 Designated Services as an Ordering Institution at or
through a permanent establishment in Australia,
109 AML/CTF Rule, r 8-8(7).
110 AML/CTF Rules, r 1-4.
111 AML/CTF Act, s 64(5).
112 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-17(2) and (3).
49

we must provide Afterpay AUʼs full name and the permanent establishment at or through which we
provided the Designated Service to another institution in the Value Transfer Chain within 3 business
days after receiving a request from the institution for that information. 113
32.8 Exemption from the Travel Rule
Travel rule obligations under the AML/CTF Laws do not apply to transfers of money or property within
a single overseas country or within the European Economic Area if the:
● foreign country where the Value Transfer Designated Service is being provided has
implemented laws relating to the Travel Rule; and
● Value Transfer service complies with these foreign Travel Rule laws. 114
However, while the Travel Rule under the AML/CTF Laws do not apply, these services are still
Designated Services. We must still comply with other AML/CTF obligations that apply to Designated
Services through foreign branches and subsidiaries, such as Customer Due Diligence.
113 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-18(4) and (5).
114 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-7.
50

Section H Reporting
33. Reporting obligations
33.1 Suspicious matter reports
Reporting requirement Reporting Timeframe
Suspicious Matter Reports
Section 41 of the AML/CTF Act requires a Reporting Entity to report various matters to
AUSTRAC when it forms a suspicion (Suspicion) on reasonable grounds about those
matters.
By approving these AML/CTF Policies, the Governing Body and Senior Managers confirm
and approve the following protocol regarding authorisation to form a Suspicion on our
behalf:
● Only the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or an Authorised Person may form a
Suspicion and/or file a SMR on behalf of us (because these individuals have
the expertise and have received relevant training required to perform this
role).
Appropriate systems, controls and procedures have been designed to ensure we comply
with our obligations in relation to SMRs. These include:
● UARs: Personnel can submit a UAR in accordance with section 34.2 of these
AML/CTF Policies.
● Training: all Personnel receive appropriate training in accordance with
section 28 of these AML/CTF Policies, which includes training designed to
ensure we do not warn or ‘tip offʼ Customers in relation to whom a Suspicion
has arisen or a SMR has been lodged, or tip off any other person in
connection with that Suspicion, and training to enable them to identify
potential suspicious activity that may warrant a UAR; and
● Authorisation: only the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or an Authorised Person
has authority to form a Suspicion on reasonable grounds and submit SMRs to
AUSTRAC. These persons receive appropriate training to identify whether
activity in a UAR may give rise to a Suspicion and to complete SMRs in
accordance with the AML/CTF Laws.
Requirement to submit SMRs If the Suspicion:
A SMR must be given to AUSTRAC if we form a Suspicion. We 1. relates to a
will form a Suspicion if: prescribed
● we commence to provide, or propose to provide, a Financing of
Designated Service to a person; Terrorism
Offence within
● the person requests us to provide a Designated
24 hours;120 and
Service to them and the Designated Service is of a
kind we ordinarily provide; or 2. if 1 does not
● the person inquires whether we would be willing to apply and the
provide a Designated Service and the Designated Reporting Entity
Service is of a kind we ordinarily provide,115 reasonably
believes that
115 AML/CTF Act, s 41(a) – (c).
120 AML/CTF Act, s 41(2)(b).
51

Reporting requirement Reporting Timeframe
some (but not all)
and we suspect on reasonable grounds that any of the following
of the information
is satisfied:
may be privileged
1. the person, or a person acting as their agent, is not who they
from being given
claim to be; or
on the ground of
2. information that we have concerning the provision or legal professional
prospective provision of a Designated Service may be: privilege and the
privilege belongs
○ relevant to the investigation of, or prosecution of a
to another person
person for, an evasion or attempted evasion of a
other than the
taxation law or any law of a State or Territory that
Reporting Entity
deals with taxation;
then within 5
○ relevant to the investigation of, or prosecution of a business days;121
person for, an offence against a law of the
or
Commonwealth or of a State or Territory;
3. if 1 and 2 both do
○ of assistance to enforcement of the Proceeds of
not apply then
Crime Act 2002 (Cth) or regulations under that
within 3
Act; or
business days;122
○ may be of assistance in the enforcement of a law
of a State or Territory law that corresponds to the of forming the
Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 Cth or regulations Suspicion.
under that Act; or
3. that the provision, or prospective provision, of the
Designated Service is preparatory to an offence within limbs
(a), (b) or (c) of a Financing of Terrorism Offence,
4. that information that we have concerning the provision or
prospective provision of a Designated Service may be
relevant to the investigation of, or prosecution of a person
for, an offence within limbs (a), (b) or (c) of a Financing of
Terrorism Offence,
5. that the provision, or prospective provision, of the
Designated Service is preparatory to an offence within limbs
(a) or (b) of a Money Laundering Offence,
6. that information that we have concerning the provision or
prospective provision of a Designated Service may be
relevant to the investigation of, or prosecution of a person for
an offence within limbs (a) or (b) of a Money Laundering
Offence.116
SMRs must be lodged even if the Designated Service does not
proceed.117
Process for forming Suspicions
We form a Suspicion and report to AUSTRAC using the following
process:
116 AML/CTF Act, s 49(1)(d) – (j).
117 AML/CTF Act, s 41(1).
121 AML/CTF Act, s 41(2)(aa).
122 AML/CTF Act, s 41(2)(a).
52

Reporting requirement Reporting Timeframe
1. If a Personnel identifies a transaction or behaviour that is:
○ unusual; or
○ which gives rise to questions relevant to any
matters specified in paragraphs 1 to 6 under
section 33.1 above,
that Personnel must report what they have identified to the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer or an Authorised Person as a
UAR (see section 34.2 for further detail on how Personnel
may lodge an UAR.
2. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer or Authorised Person must
assess the UAR and may on the basis of that assessment
form a Suspicion on reasonable grounds.
Within 24 hours of receipt of a UAR from Personnel or the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer otherwise being aware of a
potentially suspicious matter, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
must commence undertaking one or more of the following
actions as required:
● review and investigate the issue in order to decide
whether or not a SMR obligation has been triggered
within the meaning of the AML/CTF Act and AML/CTF
Rules;
● consider whether it is appropriate to assign a high
ML/TF Customer Risk Rating to the Customer;
● consider whether it is appropriate to make the
Customer subject to the Enhanced Customer Due
Diligence;
● seek guidance from AUSTRAC or professional legal
advice if unsure; and
● keep a written record of any review and investigation
undertaken.
In undertaking this assessment, the AML/CTF Compliance
Officer must ensure that the review and enquiries are:
● conducted in a prudent manner using common
sense, tact and discretion; and
● do not give rise to a ‘tipping offʼ offence (see
section 35.1 for further details);
Immediately upon the AML/CTF Compliance Officer determining
that a SMR obligation has arisen, the AML/CTF Compliance
Officer must give a written report to AUSTRAC regarding the
matter in the relevant Reporting Timeframe.
A Suspicious Matter report must be submitted in the form
prescribed by AUSTRAC from time to time (as accessible on
AUSTRACʼs website).
53

Reporting requirement Reporting Timeframe
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must report the Suspicious
Matter to the Governing Body within three Business Days after
lodging the report with AUSTRAC.
Legal professional privilege
We may refuse to give AUSTRAC a SMR if we reasonably believe
that all of the information compromising the grounds on which
we hold the relevant Suspicion is privileged from being given on
grounds of legal professional privilege.118
If we reasonably believe that some (but not all) of the information
required to be contained in the SMR is privileged from being
given on the ground of legal professional privileged, we will
accompany the SMR form with an LPP form in relation to the
information.119
33.2 Threshold Transaction Reports
Threshold Transaction Reports
Section 43 of the AML/CTF Act requires Reporting Entities that provide threshold
transactions to lodge a TTR with AUSTRAC within ten 10 business days of the
transaction taking place. Threshold transactions are transactions involving the movement
of physical currency or to the value of $10,000 or more (or the foreign currency
equivalent). Note: this may constitute one or more related transactions). They do not
include transactions conducted by way of electronic bank transfer.
Any Personnel who handle a Threshold Transaction must notify the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer of that fact. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must:
● report all Threshold Transactions to the AUSTRAC CEO within ten Business
Days after the transaction takes place using the AUSTRAC prescribed form;
and
● reporting to the Governing Body at the next scheduled board meeting that a
Threshold Transaction has occurred.
We must report all transactions involving the movement of Within ten 10
physical currency or to a value of $10,000 or more (or the business days of the
foreign currency equivalent). transaction taking
place.
However, Afterpay AU does not provide cash loans or deposit loan values directly to the
Customers. Instead, we make a payment to the relevant merchant by way of electronic
transfer in exchange for the Customer receiving the goods.
Therefore, it is our understanding that Afterpay AU does not deal in physical currency so
the above TTR procedures will not be triggered. We have nevertheless included the
above procedures in these AML/CTF Policies in the unlikely event that TTRs are
triggered.
118 AML/CTF Act, s 41(2A).
119 AML/CTF Act, s 41(3)(aa).
54

33.3 Value Transfer Service reporting
International Value Transfer Services IVTSs
Section 46 of the AML/CTF Act requires Reporting Entities that provide IVTSs lodge an
IVTS report with AUSTRAC within ten 10 business days of the transfer message for the
transfer of value being passed on or received (as appropriate). Certain other reports must
be made under section 46A in connection with transfer of value involving virtual assets.
Afterpay AU provides Designated Services that may involve IVTSs. We will assess and
seek compliance with the IVTS reporting obligations in accordance with the transitional
rules to be published by AUSTRAC.
33.4 AML compliance reports
AML Compliance Reports
Section 47 of the AML/CTF Act requires us to lodge annual compliance reports with
AUSTRAC, in an approved form and containing such information as is required, in
accordance with the AML/CTF Rules.
We are required to lodge annual compliance reports with Annually.
AUSTRAC each calendar year.
The lodgement period is
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will consult with the between 1 January and 31
Senior Managers, other management and other relevant March or as otherwise
Personnel to prepare and submit the annual AUSTRAC advised by AUSTRAC.
compliance reports in the first quarter of each calendar
year in respect of activities undertaken in the previous
calendar year and will lodge these with AUSTRAC as
required. These will be lodged via AUSTRACʼs electronic
portal.
Prior to lodging the AML/CTF compliance report with
AUSTRAC, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must notify
the Governing Body of any circumstances brought to the
attention of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer which would
lead him or her to believe that we have not complied with
the Act or these Policies.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must then provide
confirmation to the Governing Body that the AML/CTF
compliance report has been submitted to AUSTRAC,
including a summary of its contents and any matters
relevant for noting as soon as possible after the report has
been lodged with AUSTRAC.
Afterpay AUʼs AML/CTF compliance report must be
lodged online at https://online.austrac.gov.au.
55

33.5 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting responsibilities
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be responsible for:
● overseeing all Personnel compliance with our reporting obligations under sections 33.1
and 33.2;
● arranging training for all Personnel in relation to our reporting obligations under
sections 33.1 and 33.2;
● undertaking an audit of an appropriate sample of Customer files randomly selected every
year and reviewing whether our reporting obligations under sections 33.1 and 33.2, have
been complied with.
34. Assessment of unusual matters
34.1 What is an assessment of potential suspicious matters
An Unusual Activity Report or UAR is a report used to summarise information about behaviour or
circumstances that are potentially suspicious and which therefore requires further investigation.
A UAR may be prepared in the form of an email to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or an Authorised
Person who is authorised to form Suspicions and file SMRs on our behalf.
34.2 Who can submit a UAR?
A UAR may be submitted by any Personnel, staff member or executive who encounters unusual
behaviour or who receives information from a law enforcement agency or authority.
34.3 Assessing UAR
If relevant, we categorise and prioritise the UARs to ensure that the cases with potentially higher
levels of ML/TF/PF risk are considered before those with lower levels of ML/TF risk.
We will review UARs in the following order:
● any UARs that might relate to a Financing of Terrorism Offence (see section 33.1; and then
● all other UARs.
A UARs is assessed in the following manner:
● analysis of the transactions against the Customer profile to determine whether
transactions are complex, unusually large for that Customer, or display unusual patterns of
transactions, and in either case are transactions which have no apparent economic or
visible lawful purpose;
● where appropriate, allocation of a higher ML/TF Customer Risk Rating to the Customer;
● collection of additional KYC Information as required; and
● application of the ECDD procedures set out in section 21.
34.4 Forming a Suspicion from a UAR
Each UAR will be assessed on a case-by-case basis to determine if the potentially suspicious activity
gives rise to a Suspicion on reasonable grounds in accordance with our process for reporting
suspicious matters set out in section 33.1.
34.5 Law enforcement and government agencies
Where we assess a UAR that is associated with an enquiry from law enforcement or other
government agencies or authorities about a particular Customer or transaction, we must also apply
the principles set out in section 33.1 to decide if the matter needs to be the subject of a SMR may be
submitted.
56

Law enforcement agencies or authorities can request information when a complaint is received from a
Customer, which may or may not be related to a fraud event. We may not be aware of the reasons
that a law enforcement agency or authority is requesting information.
34.6 Ongoing review of UAR process
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer is responsible for conducting ongoing review of the UAR process to
ensure:
● materials required by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or Authorised Persons to conduct
an assessment of the UAR are available on a timely basis; and
● UARs are being assessed and a determination is being made as soon as practicable as to
whether a SMR must be filed in accordance with section 33.1.123
To the extent that these standards are not being satisfied, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will
identify improvements required to the process supporting section 33.1 and escalate this to the
Governing Body.
35. Preventing tipping off
35.1 Tipping off offence
Subject to certain limited exceptions, it is an offence under section 123 of the AML/CTF Act to
disclose Restricted Information to anyone outside of AUSTRAC, if the disclosure of the Restricted
Information would, or could reasonably be expected to, prejudice an investigation (whether or not
such an investigation has commenced):
● of an offence against a law of the Commonwealth or of a State or Territory;
● for the purposes of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 Cth or regulations under that Act; or
● for the purposes of a law of a State or Territory law that corresponds to the Proceeds of
Crime Act 2002 Cth or regulations under that Act.
This is known as the “tipping offˮ offence. The tipping off offence may be committed by the following
persons (current or former):
● a Reporting Entity;
● an officer, employee or agent of a Reporting Entity;
● a person that has been required to give information or produce documents under
section 491 or section 49B1 of the AML/CTF Act.
35.2 Exceptions
The tipping off offence does not apply if the disclosure is made to another Reporting Entity and the
disclosure is made for the purpose of detecting, deterring or disrupting ML/TF/PF or other serious
crimes, subject to conditions which may be prescribed in the AML/CTF Rules being satisfied.124
35.3 Controls to manage tipping off risk
We have established safeguards to prevent the contravention of the tipping off offence by us or our
officers, employees or agents.
We implement the following protocols that reduce the risk of tipping off:
● only the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or Authorised Person may form a Suspicion or file a
SMR;
● information regarding SMRs is not readily accessible on the Customerʼs file and is only to
be provided to persons within our organisation, other than the AML/CTF Compliance
123 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-12.
124 AML/CTF Act, s 123(5).
57

Officer or the appointed Senior Manager, where it is determined that they need to know
that information to fulfil the requirements of their role;
● no Restricted Information is to be provided to any third party unless AML/CTF Compliance
Officer has first confirmed that it is permissible under one of the exemptions under
subsections 1234 to 6 of the AML/CTF Act;
● our Personnel must not do anything that would lead a Customer or anyone else (other than
AUSTRAC to believe that a Suspicion has been formed or that Restricted Information has
been communicated to AUSTRAC;125
● all Personnel receive training regarding tipping off as part of the AML/CTF training set out
in section 28;126
● de-identify any Restricted Information that is distributed more widely across our business;
● when discussing trends and insights, disclose generally identified patterns of behaviour
rather than mentioning specific Customers or transactions;
● implement and review audit trails of who accesses Restricted Information and when;
● use a legally enforceable undertaking to ensure that Restricted Information is kept
confidential by employees and any third parties we engage;
● maintain good security practices such as secure electronic document storage, password
protection of documents, secure document destruction of physical copies;
● when sharing information with third parties, we will also consider adopting the following
measures:
○ only disclose Restricted Information to people that have a genuine need to know;
○ consider what legal obligations apply to third parties in foreign countries that we are
sharing Restricted Information with to ensure they are consistent with our obligations
under the AML/CTF Act;
○ consider whether third parties we may share Restricted Information with have adopted
suitable controls to prevent tipping off, such as those outlined above; and
○ attach conditions to the further use of Restricted Information we provide to third parties
to prevent the Restricted Information getting back to the subject.
125 In some circumstances, ECDD procedures may lead a Customer to suspect that they are being investigated. It is AUSTRAC’s view that the
mere act of asking a Customer for additional information about their identity or source or destination of their funds, for example, would not
constitute an unlawful disclosure of information under the tipping off provisions of the Act.
126 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-13.
58

Section I Outsourcing and record keeping
36. Record keeping
36.1 Retention of records
In accordance with Part 10 of the AML/CTF Act, we will keep a record, or a copy or extract of the
record of certain kinds of information. This includes (but is not limited to) information related to:
● records pertaining to our completion of Customer Due Diligence;
● the Designated Services we provide to a Customer including but not be limited to
transactional records such as application forms, Customer instructions and payment
receipts; and
● the AML/CTF Program and records reasonably necessary to demonstrate our compliance
obligations in connection with the establishment and maintenance of the AML/CTF
Program under Part 1A of the AML/CTF Act.
The table below sets out specific requirements that apply to certain kinds of information.
Type of information Requirement Duration of retention of record
Where we have commenced to Retain sufficient records.128 7 years after the record is
provide or provide a made.129
Designated Service to a
Customer, sufficient records to
allow the reconstruction of
individual transactions relating
to the provision of the
Designated Service to the
Customer.127
A document relating to the Retain the document (or a 7 years after the giving of the
provision (or prospective copy).131 document.132
provision) of a Designated
Service that is given to us by
or on behalf of the Customer
where we commence (or have
commenced) to provide the
Designated Service to the
Customer.130
Where we undertake Customer The records kept must include: Until the end of the 7 year
Due Diligence in relation to a ● sufficient and period that begins:
Customer to whom the accurate records ● when the business
Reporting Entity provides a which demonstrate relationship ends;
Designated Service, or the type and or
proposed or proposes to content of the data ● when Afterpay AU
provide a Designated Service, collected by completes the
we must retain records that Afterpay AU in provision of the
are:
127 AML/CTF Act, s 107(1).
128 Ibid.
129 AML/CTF Act, s 107(3).
130 AML/CTF Act, s 108(1).
131 AML/CTF Act, s 108(2).
132 AML/CTF Act, s 108(2).
59

Type of information Requirement Duration of retention of record
● reasonably relation to the occasional
necessary to Customer for the transaction.135
demonstrate purposes of
compliance with the complying with
Reporting Entityʼs Customer Due
obligations under Diligence
Part 2 of the requirements; and
AML/CTF Act; and ● records of our
● are in the English analysis,
language, or in a identification or
form in which the assessment of
records are readily ML/TF risk, or
accessible and decision making,
readily convertible undertaken by
into writing in the Afterpay AU in
English language.133 relation to the
Customer for the
purposes of
complying with
Customer Due
Diligence
requirements.134
Where a person (the first Retain the copy of the Until the end of the first 7-year
person) carries out a record.137 period:
procedure mentioned in ● that began at a time
section 37A1a or after Part 2 had that
section 38(b) and in effect; and
connection with the initial
● throughout the
procedure, Part 2 has effect as
whole of which the
if a Reporting Entity had
Reporting Entity did
complied with paragraph
not provide any
283c or (d) in respect of a
Designated
Customer, and the first person
Services to the
makes a record of the initial
Customer.138
procedure and gives a copy of
the record to the Reporting
Entity.136
We must keep records that we Retain the record or a copy of 7 years after the completion of
prepare under paragraph the record.140 the preparation of the
37B1c of the AML/CTF record.141
Act.139
133 AML/CTF Act, s 111(1).
134 AML/CTF Act, s 111(3).
135 AML/CTF Act, s 111(2).
136 AML/CTF Act, s 114(1)(a) – (c).
137 AML/CTF Act, s 114(1).
138 AML/CTF Act, s 114(1)(d) – (e).
139 AML/CTF Act, s 114A(1).
140 Ibid.
141 Ibid.
60

Type of information Requirement Duration of retention of record
We must keep records that are Retain records in the English The records must be kept
reasonably necessary to language or are in a form throughout the period:
demonstrate compliance with which the records are readily
● beginning at the time the
our obligations under Part 1A accessible and readily
record was made; and
AML/CTF programs) of the convertible into writing in the
● ending 7 years after the
AML/CTF Act.142 English language.143
record is no longer relevant
to the Reporting Entityʼs
compliance with its
obligations under Part 1A of
the AML/CTF Act.
37. Outsourcing and third-party technology providers
37.1 Engaging with Outsourced Services Providers
With the written approval of a Senior Manager, we may appoint a third-party service provider to
either:
● perform any of our obligations under these AML/CTF Policies; or
● to provide services for us to comply with parts of our AML/CTF obligations (e.g.,
technology service providers).
37.2 Controls on engagement of Outsourced Services Providers
Where the Afterpay AU outsources any activities that may affect the ML/TF/PF risk faced by us or any
of our AML/CTF obligations, we will:
● have an agreement in place with the party to whom the activities are outsourced;
● where relevant, require the parties to whom the activities are outsourced to implement
policies and procedures similar to those outlined in these AML/CTF Policies;
● assess the ML/TF/PF risk associated with the outsourcing of the particular activity;
● assess the Australian financial sanction risk associated with the outsourcing of the
particular activity;
● conduct due diligence on the activities outsourced to determine whether outsourcing
these activities and services will increase the ML/TF/PF risk faced by Afterpay AU and
implement appropriate measures to address the increased risk;
● conduct due diligence on the parties to whom the activities are outsourced to ensure that
outsourcing activities to these parties is not increasing the ML/TF/PF risk faced by
Afterpay AU;
● where appropriate, ensure that the parties to whom the activities and services are
outsourced understand:
○ the obligations of Afterpay AU under the AML/CTF Laws;
○ the consequences of non-compliance with the AML/CTF Laws;
○ take into account the consequences of non-compliance with the AML/CTF Laws;
○ the type of ML/TF/PF risk that Afterpay AU might face and the potential consequences
of such risk; and
● those processes and procedures provided for by these AML/CTF Policies that are relevant
to the work carried out by the party to whom activities are outsourced.
142 AML/CTF Act, s 116(1)(a).
143 AML/CTF Act, s 116(1)(b).
61

37.3 Ongoing review and assessment of Outsourced Services Providers
The Senior Manager / AML/CTF Compliance Officer must:
● review the ML/TF/PF risks posed by the outsourcing arrangement and the controls
regularly and in response to changes in ML/TF/PF risk;
● monitor the performance of the outsourced activities against the key performance targets,
taking into account the quality assurance testing at least annually;
● ensure that any agreement under which a third party is authorised to collect or verify KYC
information for AML/CTF Laws must ensure the adequacy of collection, verification and
record retention obligations, and that AML/CTF Laws and enforcement agencies have
reasonable access to any such KYC information; and
● facilitate the oversight of a Senior Manager/the AML/CTF Compliance Officer over the
outsourced activities in accordance with this section.
Except where the AML/CTF Laws expressly provides otherwise, liability for non-compliance remains
with us.
We will liaise with Outsourced Service Providers to ensure their obligations are met through
adherence to contractual requirements, policies, procedures and business rules. This may include
providing access to documentation held by Outsourced Service Providers, requiring regular reports in
respect of AML/CTF matters and allowing access to Personnel by us and our auditors.
We will notify Outsourced Services Provider of any relevant notice or feedback issued by AUSTRAC
or other regulatory bodies relevant to the performance of the functions of the Outsourced Service
Provider. We will oversee the response to the notice and implementation of any changes or
recommendations to ensure our ongoing compliance with AML/CTF obligations (including a
mechanism to incorporate any AUSTRAC feedback on performance in managing our ML/TF/PF risk).
62

Section J Definitions
38. Definitions
The meanings of capitalised terms used in this document are set out below.
Term Meaning
ACN Australian Company Number.
Applicable Customer means:
Identification Procedures ● the applicable Customer identification procedures set
or ACIP out in Afterpay AU - AML/CTF Program Part B -
Customer Identification and Verification, Afterpay
Australia Pty Limited Nov 2025; and
● the complementary provisions to the applicable
Customer diligence procedures (such as enhanced
Customer Due Diligence) set out in AML/CTF Program
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification,
Afterpay Australia Pty Limited.
Afterpay AU Personnel means any persons employed or engaged by us, and who perform,
or will perform, functions relevant to our obligations under the
AML/CTF Act.
AML/CTF means anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing.
AML/CTF Act means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Act 2006 Cth
AML/CTF Compliance means the individual designated as the AML/CTF compliance officer.
Officer The name of each AML/CTF Compliance Officer is set out in
Schedule 4.
AML/CTF Laws means the following:
● the AML/CTF Act
● the AML/CTF Rules;
● the Class Exemptions Rules;
● and any other rules and regulations made under the
AML/CTF Act from time to time.
AML/CTF Program means the ML/TF Risk Assessment and these AML/CTF Policies.
AML/CTF Rules means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Rules 2025 Cth (AML/CTF Rules).
AUSTRAC the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre, which is
Australiaʼs anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing
regulator and financial intelligence unit.
Authorised Person means any person who is authorised by the AML/CTF Compliance
Officer to form a Suspicion and/or file a SMR from time to time.
Beneficiary Institution means a beneficiary institution as defined in section 63A of the
AML/CTF Act and rule 82 of the AML/CTF Rules.
Business Group has the meaning in the AML/CTF Laws.
63

Term Meaning
Class Exemption Rules means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Rules Class Exemptions and Other Matters) Rules 2007.
Control control, of a body corporate, is:
● having the capacity to cast, or control the casting of,
more than one half of the maximum number of votes that
might be cast at a general meeting of the body corporate;
or
● directly or indirectly holding more than one half of the
issued share capital of the body corporate (not including
any part of the issued share capital that carries no right to
participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution of
either profits or capital, and not including mutual capital
instruments within the meaning of section 167AD of the
Corporations Act 2001); or
● having the capacity to control the composition of the
body corporateʼs board or governing body; or
● having the capacity to determine the outcome of
decisions about the body corporateʼs financial and
operating policies, taking into account:
○ the practical influence that can be exerted (rather than
the rights that can be enforced); and
○ any practice or pattern of behaviour affecting the body
corporateʼs financial or operating policies (whether or
not it involves a breach of an agreement or a breach of
trust).
● Control, of a person other than a body corporate, is:
○ having the capacity to control the composition of the
personʼs board or governing body (if any); or
○ having the capacity to determine the outcome of
decisions about the personʼs financial and operating
policies, taking into account:
( a) the practical influence that can be exerted (rather
than the rights that can be enforced); and
( b) any practice or pattern of behaviour affecting the
personʼs financial or operating policies (whether or not
it involves a breach of an agreement or a breach of
trust).
Customer means a person who has or intends to receive Designated Services
from Afterpay AU.
Customer Due Diligence means, as applicable, Applicable Customer Identification Procedures,
or CDD Initial Customer Due Diligence and Ongoing Customer Due Diligence.
Customer Monitoring has the meaning given to that term by section 21.
Program
Customer Type has the meaning given to that term by section 11.1.
Designated Services the designated services in Schedule 2 to the AML/CTF Program.
64

Term Meaning
Domestic PEP means:
● an individual who holds an office or position (whether or not in or
for the Commonwealth) specified in the AML/CTF Rules; or
● an individual who is a member of the legislature of the
Commonwealth or of a State or Territory; or
● a family member of an individual covered by paragraph (c) or (d);
or
● an individual who is known (having regard to information that is
public or readily available) to have:
○ joint beneficial ownership of a body corporate or legal
arrangement with an individual covered by paragraph
(a) or (b); or
○ sole beneficial ownership of a body corporate or legal
arrangement on behalf or for the benefit of an
individual covered by paragraph (c) or (d); or
○ any other close business relations with an individual
covered by paragraph (c) or (d) .
ECDD or Enhanced is the process set out in section 16 in accordance with section 31 of
Customer Due Diligence the AML/CTF Act.
FATF Financial Action Task Force.
FATF Recommendations the AML/CTF standard that is published by FATF.
Financing of Terrorism conduct that amounts to:
Offence
● an offence against section 102.6 or Division 103 of the Criminal
Code; or
● an offence against section 20 or 21 of the Charter of the United
Nations Act 1945; or
● an offence against a law of a State or Territory that corresponds
to an offence referred to in paragraph (a) or (b)); or
● an offence against a law of a foreign country or a part of a
foreign country that corresponds to an offence referred to in
paragraph (a) or (b).
Foreign PEP means:
● an individual who holds a prominent office or position or public
function in or for the legislature, executive or judiciary of a
foreign country, including an individual who holds any of the
following offices or positions:
○ head of state or head of government;
○ member of the executive council of government;
○ member of a legislature;
○ minister, deputy minister or equivalent office or
position;
○ judge of a supreme court, constitutional court or other
court of general jurisdiction or last resort;
65

Term Meaning
○ ambassador, high commissioner or charge dʼaffaires;
○ high ranking military officer;
○ head or board member of a government body;
○ head or board member of a state-owned company or a
state-owned bank;
○ member of a governing body of a political party
represented in a legislature;
○ an office or position prescribed in the AML/CTF Rules;
or
(a) a family member of an individual covered by
paragraph (a); or
(b) an individual who is known (having regard to
information that is public or readily available) to have:
○ joint beneficial ownership of a body corporate or legal
arrangement with an individual covered by paragraph
(a); or
○ sole beneficial ownership of a body corporate or legal
arrangement on behalf or for the benefit of an
individual covered by paragraph (a); or
○ any other close business relations with an individual
covered by paragraph (a).
Governing Body the governing body of Afterpay AU is the relevant group of
individuals with primary responsibility for the governance and
executive decisions of Afterpay AU, i.e. its board of directors.
Initial Customer Due means the processes set out in section 14 developed in accordance
Diligence or ICDD with section 28 of the AML/CTF Act.
Initial Customer Due means the procedures we apply to carry out Initial Customer Due
Diligence Procedures or Diligence on our Customers as described in Schedule 5.
ICDD Procedures
International Organisation means:
PEP
● an individual who is entrusted with a prominent public function,
position or office of a public international organisation, including
a head, deputy head or board member in a public international
organisation;
● a family member of an individual covered by (a);
● an individual who is known (having regard to information that is
public or readily available) to have:
○ joint beneficial ownership of a body corporate or legal
arrangement with an individual covered by paragraph
(a); or
○ sole beneficial ownership of a body corporate or legal
arrangement on behalf or for the benefit of an
individual covered by paragraph (a); or
○ any other close business relations with an individual
covered by paragraph (a).
66

Term Meaning
KYC means “Know your Customerˮ.
KYC Information means information about a Customer that:
● provides reasonable grounds for us to establish the
matters mentioned in section 282 of the AML/CTF Act;
or
● enables us to identity or assess the ML/TF Customer
Risk.
KYC Refresh Program has the meaning given to that term by section 24.
Merchant Payment has the meaning given to the term in rule 14 of the AML/CTF Rules.
ML/TF Customer Risk of a Customer, means the risk of ML/TF/PF that Afterpay AU may
reasonably face in providing its Designated Service, or Designated
Services to the Customer.
ML/TF Customer Risk means the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating given to a Customer as
Rating described in section 12.
ML/TF/PF money laundering (ML) and terrorism financing (TF) and proliferation
financing (PF).
ML/TF Risk Assessment the assessment of the ML/TF/PF risk that Afterpay AU reasonably
faces in providing Designated Services.
Money Laundering means conduct that amounts to:
Offence
● an offence against Division 400 of the Criminal Code; or
● an offence against a law of a State or Territory that corresponds
to an offence referred to in paragraph (a); or
● an offence against a law of a foreign country or of a part of a
foreign country that corresponds to an offence referred to in
paragraph (a).
OCDD or Ongoing means the processes set out in section 20 developed in accordance
Customer Due Diligence with section 30 of the AML/CTF Act.
Ordering Institution means an ordering institution as defined in section 63A of the
AML/CTF Act and rule 81 of the AML/CTF Rules.
Ordering Institution Value means an item 29 Designated Service in table 1 of section 62 of the
Transfer Service AML/CTF Act.
Outsourced Service means any third party engaged by Afterpay AU to provide services
Provider that may be used in connection with these AML/CTF Policies as
described in section 37.
PEP or Politically Exposed means:
Person ● a Domestic PEP; or
● a Foreign PEP; or
● an International Organisation PEP.
Personnel means Afterpay AU Personnel and Service Provider Personnel.
Reliable and Independent has the meaning given to that term by section 19.
Data
67

Term Meaning
Reporting Entity has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as
either:
● a person who provides a designated service; or
● the lead entity of a reporting group.
Restricted Information means:
● subject to certain limited exceptions, Afterpay AU has
given AUSTRAC, or is required to give to AUSTRAC, an
SMR;
● that an SMR has been given or prepared for AUSTRAC, or
a copy of such report;
● a document purporting to set out information (including
the formation or existence of a submission) contained in
an SMR;
● that a person is or has been required to give information,
or produce a document, to a person in response to a
notice issued under section 49 of the AML/CTF Act, or
that it has given the required information or document;
● that a person is or has been required to give information,
or produce a document, to a person in response to a
notice issued under section 49B of the AML/CTF Act, or
that it has given the required information or document; or
● information referred to in paragraph 165Aa, (b), or (c)
or 5AAa or (b) of the Financial Transaction Reports
Act 1988, as in force immediately before its repeal.
Review means a Review as defined in section 9.2.
Senior Manager of a Reporting Entity, means an individual who makes, or participates
in making, decisions that affect the whole, or a substantial part, of
the business of the Reporting Entity.
SCDD or Simplified means the simplified Customer Due Diligence measures described in
Customer Due Diligence section 15 and forming part of the Customer Due Diligence
procedures.
Service Provider means any persons employed or engaged by our Outsourced Service
Personnel Provider and who perform, or will perform, functions relevant to our
obligations under the AML/CTF Act.
SMR or Suspicious Matter a report of a Suspicion made in accordance with section 41 of the
Report AML/CTF Act.
Standard Customer Due means the standard Customer Due Diligence measures applied to
Diligence Customers in accordance with Schedule 5.
Suspicion a Suspicion has the meaning giving to that term in section 33.1.
Targeted Financial by reference to a person designated for financial sanctions, means:
Sanctions ● a designated person or entity (within the meaning of
regulations made under the Charter of the United Nations
Act 1945; or
68

Term Meaning
● a designated person or entity (within the meaning of the
regulations made under the Autonomous Sanctions Act
2011).
Transfer Message has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as, for a
Transfer of Value, a message that contains information relating to the
content of the payerʼs instruction for the Transfer of Value, but does
not include a message of a kind specified in the AML/CTF Rules.
Transfer of Value or Value has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as a
Transfer transfer of money, virtual assets or property, but does not include:
● a transfer of physical currency or other tangible property;
or
● a transfer of a kind specified in the AML/CTF Rules.
Travel Rule means the travel rules that apply to an Ordering Institution,
Beneficiary Institution or intermediary institution that are set out in
rules 83 to 85 of the AML/CTF Rules.
TTR or Threshold a TTR or Threshold Transaction Report has the meaning given to that
Transaction Report. term in section 33.2 .
Unusual Activity Report or has the meaning given to that term by section 34.1 .
UAR
Value Transfer Chain has the meaning given to the term in section 63A11 of the AML/CTF
Act.
Schedule 1 ML/TF Risk Assessment - summary
Afterpay AUʼs ML/TF Risk Assessment was finalised at the end of 2025. The Risk Assessment outlines
the results of the Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing (ML/TF) and Sanctions Risk
Assessment (Risk Assessment) conducted by Block, Inc. (Block), in conjunction with Afterpay
Australia Pty Ltd (Afterpay AU) covering the timeframe from January 2024 to December 2024.
The Risk Assessment was performed to evaluate the risk that Afterpay AU products and services will
be used to launder money, engage in Terrorist Financing, Proliferation Financing or support activity in
contravention of sanctions rules, including the risks inherent in Afterpay AUʼs business, and the
effectiveness of Afterpay AUʼs control environment in mitigating those risks. Afterpay implements a
range of risk management strategies and controls to mitigate ML/TF and Sanctions-related risks. This
assessment provides insights into the organisationʼs risk exposure and control effectiveness to
highlight areas of strength and identify areas where potential enhancements are needed to its
compliance program.
Risk Assessment Results
The 2025 Annual Risk Assessment yielded an overall risk rating of Moderate for both ML/TF and
Sanctions. This assessment considered both inherent risk and control effectiveness across Afterpay
AUʼs operations.
The overall ML/TF results for Afterpay AU are as follows:
Table 1 ML/TF Result Summary
69

Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Moderate Partially Mitigated Moderate
The overall Sanctions results for Afterpay are as follows:
Table 2 Sanctions Result Summary
Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Moderate Partially Mitigated Moderate
Summary of ML/TF and Sanctions Inherent Risk:
Table 3 Inherent Risk Rating by Risk Category
Inherent Risk Category ML/TF Risk Sanctions Risk
Customer Moderate Moderate
Distribution Channels Moderate Moderate
Emerging Low Low
Geographic Moderate Moderate
Organisational High High
Products and Services Moderate Moderate
Important points to note:
● Afterpay AU does not operate physical branches or has face-to-face interactions as part
of its standard business model. It deals with its consumer Customers directly through
digital channels only. The non face-to-face delivery model heightens the risk of ML/TF,
which heightens the distribution channels risk.
● The risk associated with rapid growth in GPV was assessed as “Very Highˮ, which
contributed to the overall Organizational risk score to “Highˮ due to increased pressures
related to the complexity and scale of compliance operations.
● Afterpay AU's Compliance Operations, which is fragmented and dispersed within Bockʼs
Compliance Operations Function, along with the overall functionalisation of Compliance,
has introduced unnecessary complexity, slowed down decision-making, and led to
unclear roles and responsibilities, including gaps.
● Over 85% of the GPV for Afterpay is a result of the BNPL product, which was assessed as
“Moderateˮ risk through the PRA.
70

● Emerging risk: while this risk assessment looks back at 2024, at the time of writing this
report, significant regulatory developments occurred late 2025, including the
comprehensive AML/CTF Reforms taking effect from 31 March 2026.
Summary of Proliferation Risk:
Afterpay AUʼs inherent Proliferation Financing risk was evaluated as Low due to its business model
and merchant policies. Australian consumers must have a verifiable Australian address and use an
Australian-issued debit or credit card. Afterpay AU allows its Consumers to purchase goods and
services from Merchants who are Customers of Afterpay in other markets where Afterpay is located.
This is currently limited to New Zealand, Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Reciprocally, a merchant of Afterpay AU can sell goods and services to consumers in those same
markets. This payment mechanism is called Cross Border Trade. These locations are not considered
high-risk for proliferation financing. Additionally, Afterpay AUʼs Merchant Category Policy, which
classifies merchants into prohibited, restricted and approved verticals and expressly bans any retailer
of weapons, ammunition, gambling services or counterfeit goods. While some merchants may offer
dual-use items, all exporting activity is subject to established export-control regimes, such as the
Wassenaar Arrangement and Nuclear Suppliers Group guidelines, and Afterpay AU does not take on
export-control obligations when extending BNPL credit. Furthermore, Afterpay AU only provides
low-value, short-term consumer credit for retail purchases, a model that inherently disrupts the
large-scale or sophisticated procurement pathways required for WMD destruction development or
deployment.
Summary of the Control Environment:
Table 4 Distribution of Controls by Control Effectiveness Rating
Assessment Effective Needs Weak Control Gap
Improvement
AML/CTF 53% 41% 2% 4%
Sanctions 39% 52% 5% 5%
Control gaps impacting Afterpay AU were identified for the following controls and processes:
KYC Program:
During the risk assessment period of 2024, there were open Management Action Plans in relation to
the 2023 Internal audit of Afterpay AUʼs AML/CTF Program. However, periodic systems based risk
rating updates based on profile or behaviour changes have since been implemented and validated by
Internal Audit.
Sanctions Program:
Block does not currently have a formal process in place to handle the freezing of assets identified as
prohibited by Australian sanctions regulations, specifically moving the frozen funds to a segregated
account or documenting the process to move funds in a policy or procedure.
Audit and Internal Testing:
Quality Control Processes are in place for alert decisioning and SMR Reporting, however no brand
level QA program was rolled out by Block for Afterpay in 2024. Of note is that in Q2 2024, Global
Compliance Monitoring & Testing GCMT performed a transactional review over Afterpay AUʼs
71

operational processing of AML/CFT and Sanctions Alerts for consumers and merchants, including
assessing effectiveness of controls in place.
72

Schedule 2 Designated Services
No. Designated Services under section 6 of the AML/CTF Act
Providing the Designated Service at or through a permanent establishment of Afterpay AU in
Australia
1. Items 1 table 1 (opening an account as a credit card issuer)
2. Item 3, table 1 (allowing transactions in an account as a credit card issuer)
3. Item 6, table 1 (making a loan, where the loan is made in the course of carrying on a
loans business)
4. Item 7, table 1 (in the capacity of lender for a loan or assignee of the lender for a loan,
allowing the borrower to conduct a transaction in relation to a loan, where the loan was
made in the course of carrying on loans business)
5. Item 29, table 1 (in the capacity of ordering institution, accepting an instruction for the
transfer of value on behalf of a payer).
73

Schedule 3 Red Flag Risk Indicators
Afterpay AU will consider ‘red flagʼ risk indicators to help identify potential money laundering,
terrorism financing and other serious criminal activities. These indicators include, but are not limited
to:
Customer identification indicators
A Customer:
● whose identification document cannot be authenticated
● provides identification information that is false, misleading, vague, or cannot be verified
● refuses or is reluctant to provide identification information or documents
● has inconsistencies in information across different identification documents
● has sources of wealth or sources of funds that are unexplained and/or inconsistent with
their profile
● is overly secretive about their source of wealth or funds or has difficulty providing
evidence of their source of wealth or funds
● appears to be known to law enforcement or associates with criminals, based on open
source information
Customer behaviour indicators
A Customer:
● makes an unusual enquiry to staff about whether they report to government authorities.
For example, AUSTRAC, the ATO or law enforcement agencies
● requests that their transaction is not reported to AUSTRAC
● appears nervous, overly defensive when asked questions, evasive, or leaves without the
service being provided. For example, they donʼt want to proceed if they have to provide ID
● and/or their activity is the subject of law enforcement enquiries
● appears nervous, overly defensive, or evasive when questioned
● appears to be directed by a third party, or makes a transaction in a branch while
accompanied, overseen or directed by third party
Money laundering indicators
A Customer:
● has unusual transaction patterns or frequency of transactions. For example, multiple
payers make loan repayments, or payments are sent to and/or received from foreign or
higher risk jurisdictions to which the Customer does not have an obvious link (for example,
no known family, friends or business relationships)
● applies for loans and/or makes early loan payouts or large value loan repayments that are
inconsistent with their profile, or with no reason provided
● makes rapid transactions in and out loan account
● has incoming payments that are inconsistent with their profile
● makes large value deposits into their account over a short period
● makes regular or frequent structured cash payments
● makes or receives rapid transfers to or from third parties
Identity and loan fraud indicators
A Customer:
● provides identification and/or supporting documents that appear to be falsified
● applies for multiple loans within a short period of time
74

● whose first payment defaults
● has inconsistent or invalid personal details. For example, disconnected mobile numbers or
multiple IP addresses
Other indicators include:
● Multiple Customers use common details across numerous applications, e.g. ID numbers,
address, phone number, other contact details, IP address, Customer photograph, etc.
● Third party providers have a significant increase in the number of Customer applications
Terrorism financing indicators
A Customer:
● uses loan drawdown facilities for small amounts citing the reason for withdrawal as
‘support paymentsʼ
● makes donations to small charities linked to extremist ideologies
Open source information:
● indicates a Customer is has links to terrorist groups or terrorism activities
● indicates a Customer displays extremist ideologies (for example, social, political,
environmental etc.)
Proliferation financing indicators
A Customer:
● is matched through screening against an Australian or international sanctions list
75

Schedule 4 Afterpay AU Senior Managers and AML/CTF
Compliance Officer
1. AML/CTF Compliance Officer
Afterpay AU has appointed the following person as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer AMLCO
Evlambia Ishak Preferred name: Eve Ishak]
2. Senior Managers
Afterpay AU has appointed the following individuals to the role of Senior Managers with approval
authorities set out below. The Senior Managers may exercise their approval authority alone and do not
need to obtain the authority of any other individual, provided the relevant approval is within the scope
of their authority. The Senior Managers have the authority to delegate any of the below activities to
the Afterpay AMLCO, as required.
Senior Manager Authority
Martina Kann May approve:
● the AML/CTF Policies;
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment
and changes to these.
May approve any of the ongoing matters requiring approval as set out
in section 6.3 of the AML/CTF Policies.
76

Schedule 5 Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures
Part I - Simplified Customer Due Diligence for individuals (excluding sole traders) - ML/TF risk rating of low)
When AUSTRACʼs transitional period for ICDD ends on 31 March 2029, or when we fully implement the CDD Procedures in these AML/CTF Policies
(whichever occurs first), we will apply the below CDD procedures , only if the conditions for Simplified Customer Due Diligence have been satisfied in
accordance with section 16 of these AML/CTF Policies. In the interim, Afterpay AU will continue to rely on Part B of its existing AML Program to satisfy its
Customer Due Diligence obligations.
Part I Simplified Customer Due diligence
Item KYC Information Collect Verify Comments
1. Identity of the Customer (section 282a We apply this procedure to all Customers who are individuals to establish the identity of the Customer
on reasonable grounds.
a. Full name ☑ ☑ We will confirm identity via the following
steps:
● Collection is performed via the
b. Date of birth ☑
Customer onboarding/sign up
process in Afterpay AUʼs mobile
c. Residential address (not being a ☑ app or online website.
PO box) ● Verification of the Customerʼs
full name is required, and either
☑ the Customerʼs DOB or
residential address.
We will verify date of
● Afterpay AU operates a 3 Tier
birth OR residential
verification system whereby if
address
the first method, Tier 1, is
unsuccessful, Tier 2 or Tier 3
will be applied.
○ Tier 1 Verification (referred to
as “Soft IDˮ check) is
performed using Experian, an
77

Part I Simplified Customer Due diligence
independent platform
provider who houses
electronic and independent
data sources through
Afterpay AU approved
databases. Customer
verification is required to be
completed against at least 2
of these approved
databases.
○ If Tier 1 is unsuccessful, Tier
2 (referred to as “Hard IDˮ
check) will be applied
requiring collection of
Government issued ID
information via the Afterpay
App or online website. The
information is verified against
the Document Verification
Service DVS database.
○ Where Tier 2 is unsuccessful,
Tier 3 (also referred to as
“Manual IDˮ check) is applied
in which the Customer must
upload ID documentation
such as driverʼs license,
passport, Medicare card or
other for use in screening
through Document
Verification Service DVS.
78

Part I Simplified Customer Due diligence
2. PEP and Targeted Financial Sanctions status (section 282e We will establish, on reasonable grounds, whether the Customer is a PEP or a
person designated for Targeted Financial Sanctions by following the below procedure.
a. We will apply Screening PEP and Screening Targeted Financial Sanctions) to our Customers against the details of the Customer
collected in accordance with section 1 of this table.
Screening PEP
Afterpay Screening PEP is performed through a third party vendor, referred to as Lexis Nexus, which will alert where a PEP nexus
is identified. Afterpay Compliance Operations will review the alert and determine whether the Customer is a:
● Foreign Politically Exposed Person, if so the ML/TF risk rating of the Customer will be upgraded to high; or
● a Domestic Politically Exposed Person or International Organisation Politically Exposed Person, if so the ML/TF risk rating
of the Customer will be determined with regard to that PEP status.
Screening Targeted Financial Sanctions)
Our Screening Targeted Financial Sanctions) is performed through a third party vendor which will alert where a Sanctions nexus is
identified. Afterpay Compliance Operations will review the alert and determine whether the Customer is subject to Targeted
Financial Sanctions, if so the Customer will be referred to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer for further assessment.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may then terminate the business relationship with the Customer and prohibit the provision of, or
further provision of, Designated Services to the Customer. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may also consider that the information
is relevant to a Potential Suspicious Matter in accordance with section 33 of these AML/CTF Policies or that a Suspicion has formed
in accordance with section 33 of these AML/CTF Policies. In those circumstances, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will comply
with the UAR and SMR processes set out in those sections as applicable.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may consider whether we are required to hold any controlled assets on behalf of a person or
entity subject to Targeted Financial Sanctions and if so, follow the requirements in r 24 of the Autonomous Sanctions Regulations
2011 and r 42 of the Charter of the United Nations Dealing with Assets) Regulations 2008.
3. Nature and purpose of the business transaction (section 282f We will establish the nature and purpose of the business relationship or
occasional transaction by following the below procedure.
Confirmation of the purpose of Afterpay AU currently offers BNPL product
the business relationship or to individuals only, therefore the purpose
☑ (cid:0)
occasional transaction from the of the relationship is to provide short term
circumstances of the transaction
79

Part I Simplified Customer Due diligence
or business relationship and finance to be utilised in the purchase of
information collected as part of Customer goods through the Afterpay App.
establishing Customerʼs financial
Afterpay AU will consider the material
situation.144
provided by Customers as part of
onboarding for this BNPL product to ensure
that this is consistent with this nature and
purpose of the relationship. This will
include information about the Customerʼs
income and expenses.
We are not required to verify this
information for AML/CTF purposes.145
4. Reasonable steps to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be (section 283a We will take reasonable steps to establish that the
Customer is who they claim to be by following the below procedure.
a. We are required to take reasonable steps to establish that our Customers who are individuals are who they claim to be. We have
determined that the below steps will ordinarily be reasonable to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be having regard
to the ML/TF risk rating of the Customer:
● Verification will be performed using independent and reliable electronic data through approved databases. Verification is
required to be completed against at least 2 approved databases;
● Afterpay operates a 3 Tier verification system whereby if the first method, Tier 1, is unsuccessful, Tier 2 will be applied
requiring collection of Government issued ID information via the Afterpay App. If this is unsuccessful, Tier 3 is applied in
which the Customer must upload ID documentation such as driverʼs license, passport, Medicare card or other for use in
screening through DVS;
● We will collect a Customerʼs mobile phone number, that will be verified via a one-time SMS code.
● We will collect a Customerʼs e-mail address.
● We will link a Customerʼs funding method in Afterpay systems.
While we will ordinarily take the above reasonable steps, we acknowledge that this procedure is subject to what is reasonable in the
circumstances. Where we are unable to establish the Customer is who they claim to be in accordance with the above steps, the
144 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-9(d).
145 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-9.
80

Part I Simplified Customer Due diligence
Customer will be referred to our AML/CTF Compliance Officer for further assessment. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will
determine what additional KYC Information will be collected and/or verified or what steps may be taken to satisfy our obligation to
establish the Customer is who they claim to be.
If we are still unable to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may terminate the
business relationship with the Customer and/or prohibit the provision of, or further provision of, Designated Services to the
Customer.
Part II - Initial Customer Due Diligence for individuals (excluding sole traders) ML/TF risk rating of medium)
When AUSTRACʼs transitional period for ICDD ends on 31 March 2029 or when we fully implement the CDD Procedures in these AML/CTF Policies
(whichever occurs first), we will apply the below CDD Procedures, only if we have assigned a ML/TF risk rating of medium to the Customer. In the interim,
Afterpay AU will continue to rely on Part B of its existing AML Program to satisfy its Customer Due Diligence obligations.
Part II Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of medium)
Item KYC Information Collect Verify Comments
1. Identity of the Customer (section 282a We apply this procedure to all Customers to establish the identity of the Customer on reasonable
grounds.
a. Full name We will confirm identity via the following
☑ ☑
steps:
● Collection is performed via the
b. Date of birth
Customer onboarding/sign up
☑
process in Afterpayʼs mobile app
☑ or online website.
c. Residential address (not being a
● Verification of the Customerʼs full
PO box)
We will verify date of
name is required, and either the
birth OR residential
☑ Customerʼs DOB or residential
address
address.
● Afterpay AU operates a 3 Tier
verification system whereby if
81

Part II Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of medium)
the first method, Tier 1, is
unsuccessful, Tier 2 or Tier 3 will
be applied.
○ Tier 1 Verification (referred to
as “Soft IDˮ check) is
performed using Experian, an
independent platform
provider who houses
electronic and independent
data sources through
Afterpay AU approved
databases. Customer
verification is required to be
completed against at least 2
of these approved databases.
○ If Tier 1 is unsuccessful, Tier
2 (referred to as “Hard IDˮ
check) will be applied
requiring collection of
Government issued ID
information via the Afterpay
App or online website. The
information is verified against
the Document Verification
Service DVS database.
○ Where Tier 2 is unsuccessful,
Tier 3 (also referred to as
“Manual IDˮ check) is applied
in which the Customer must
upload ID documentation
such as driverʼs license,
82

Part II Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of medium)
passport, Medicare card or
other for use in screening
through Document
Verification Service DVS.
2. PEP and Targeted Financial Sanctions status (section 282e We will establish, on reasonable grounds, whether the Customer is a PEP or a
person designated for Targeted Financial Sanctions by following the below procedure.
a. We will apply Screening PEP and Screening Targeted Financial Sanctions) to our Customers against the details of the Customer
collected in accordance with section 1 of this table.
Screening PEP
Afterpay Screening PEP is performed through a third party vendor which will alert where a PEP nexus is identified. Afterpay
Compliance Operations will review the alert and determine whether the Customer is a:
● Foreign Politically Exposed Person, if so the ML/TF risk rating of the Customer will be upgraded to high; or
● a Domestic Politically Exposed Person or International Organisation Politically Exposed Person, if so the ML/TF risk rating of
the Customer will be determined with regard to that PEP status.
Screening Targeted Financial Sanctions)
Our Screening Targeted Financial Sanctions) will be undertaken by a third party service provider. If this screening identifies that a
Customer is subject to Targeted Financial Sanctions, the Customer will be referred to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer for further
assessment.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may then terminate the business relationship with the Customer and prohibit the provision of, or
further provision of, Designated Services to the Customer. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may also consider that the information is
relevant to a Potential Suspicious Matter in accordance with section 33 of these AML/CTF Policies or that a Suspicion has formed in
accordance with section 33 of these AML/CTF Policies. In those circumstances, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will comply with the
UAR and SMR processes set out in those respective sections.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may consider whether we are required to hold any controlled assets on behalf of a person or entity
subject to Targeted Financial Sanctions and if so, follow the requirements in r 24 of the Autonomous Sanctions Regulations 2011 and r
42 of the Charter of the United Nations Dealing with Assets) Regulations 2008.
3. Nature and purpose of the business transaction (section 282f We will establish the nature and purpose of the business relationship or
occasional transaction by following the below procedure.
83

Part II Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of medium)
Confirmation of the purpose of the Afterpay AU currently offers BNPL product
business relationship or to individuals only, therefore the purpose of
occasional transaction from the the relationship is to provide short term
circumstances of the transaction finance to be utilised in the purchase of
or business relationship and Customer goods through the Afterpay App.
information collected as part of
Afterpay AU will consider the material
establishing Customerʼs financial
provided by Customers as part of
situation.146 ☑ (cid:0)
onboarding for this BNPL product to ensure
that this is consistent with this nature and
purpose of the relationship. This will include
information about the Customerʼs income
and expenses.
We are not required to verify this
information for AML/CTF purposes.147
4. Reasonable steps to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be (section 283a We will take reasonable steps to establish that the
Customer is who they claim to be by following the below procedure.
a. We are required to take reasonable steps to establish that our Customers who are individuals are who they claim to be. We have
determined that the below steps will ordinarily be reasonable to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be having regard to
the ML/TF risk rating of the Customer:
● Verification will be performed using independent and reliable electronic data through approved databases. Verification is
required to be completed against at least 2 approved databases;
● Afterpay operates a 3 Tier verification system whereby if the first method, Tier 1, is unsuccessful, Tier 2 will be applied
requiring collection of Government issued ID information via the Afterpay App. If this is unsuccessful, Tier 3 is applied in
which the Customer must upload ID documentation such as driverʼs license, passport, Medicare card or other for use in
screening through DVS;
● We will collect a Customerʼs mobile phone number, that will be verified via a one-time SMS code.
● We will collect a Customerʼs e-mail address.
146 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-9(d).
147 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-9.
84

Part II Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of medium)
● We will link a Customerʼs funding method in Afterpay systems.
While we will ordinarily take the above reasonable steps, we acknowledge that this procedure is subject to what is reasonable in the
circumstances. Where we are unable to establish the Customer is who they claim to be in accordance with the above steps, the
Customer will be referred to our AML/CTF Compliance Officer for further assessment. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will determine
what additional KYC Information will be collected and/or verified or what steps may be taken to satisfy our obligation to establish the
Customer is who they claim to be.
If we are still unable to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may terminate the
business relationship with the Customer and prohibit the provision of, or further provision of, Designated Services to the Customer.
Part III - Initial Customer Due Diligence for individuals (excluding sole traders) ML/TF risk rating of high)
When AUSTRACʼs transitional period for ICDD ends on 31 March 2029 or when we fully implement the CDD Procedures in these AML/CTF Policies
(whichever occurs first), we will apply the below CDD Procedures if we have assigned a ML/TF risk rating of high to the Customer or if we are otherwise
required to apply Enhanced Customer Due Diligence procedures in accordance with section 21 of these AML/CTF Policies.
IMPORTANT
 We will apply the below procedure to Customers assigned a ML/TF risk rating of low or medium if we are otherwise required to apply Enhanced
Customer Due Diligence to those Customers.
 All Customers assigned a ML/TF risk rating of high must be referred to the Senior Manager for approval prior to the provision of Designated Services.
Part III Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of high)
Item KYC Information Collect Verify Verification method
1. Identity of the Customer (section 282a We will establish the identity of the Customer on reasonable grounds by following the below
procedure. Specifically:
● Step 1 We apply this procedure to all Customers to establish the identity of the Customer on reasonable grounds; AND
● If required, Step 2: Otherwise from assigning our Customer a ML/TF risk rating of high, if we are required to apply Enhanced Customer Due
Diligence because:
85

Part III Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of high)
○ a suspicious matter reporting obligation has arisen in connection with the Customer and we propose to provide a Designated Service to
the Customer;148 or
○ the Customer or any person acting on behalf of the Customer is an individual who is physically present in a high risk jurisdiction FATF has
called for enhanced due diligence to be applied or a jurisdiction that is the subject of Australian sanctions;149 or
○ any person acting on behalf of the Customer is a body corporate or legal arrangement formed in a high risk jurisdiction FATF has called
for enhanced due diligence to be applied or a jurisdiction that is the subject of Australian sanctions,150
we will also follow the below procedure to establish on reasonable grounds the source of the Customerʼs wealth and funds provided that that
the source of the Customerʼs wealth and funds is relevant to the nature of the ML/TF risk of the Customer.
Step 1 We apply this procedure to all Customers to establish the identity of the Customer on reasonable grounds.
a. Full name We will confirm identity via the following
☑ ☑
steps:
● Collection is performed via the
b. Date of birth
Customer onboarding/sign up
☑
process in Afterpayʼs mobile app
or online website.
c. Residential address (not being a PO
● Verification of the Customerʼs full
box)
name is required, and either the
☑ Customerʼs DOB or residential
address.
We will verify date of
● Afterpay operates a 3 Tier
birth OR residential
☑ verification system whereby if
address
the first method, Tier 1, is
unsuccessful, Tier 2 or Tier 3 will
be applied.
○ Tier 1 Verification (referred to
as “Soft IDˮ check) is
performed using Experian, an
148 AML/CTF Act, s 32(b).
149 AML/CTF Act, s 32(d)(i).
150 AML/CTF Act, s 32(d)(ii).
86

Part III Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of high)
independent platform provider
who houses electronic and
independent data sources
through Afterpay AU approved
databases. Customer
verification is required to be
completed against at least 2 of
these approved databases.
○ If Tier 1 is unsuccessful, Tier 2
(referred to as “Hard IDˮ
check) will be applied
requiring collection of
Government issued ID
information via the Afterpay
App or online website. The
information is verified against
the Document Verification
Service DVS database.
○ Where Tier 2 is unsuccessful,
Tier 3 (also referred to as
“Manual IDˮ check) is applied
in which the Customer must
upload ID documentation such
as driverʼs license, passport,
Medicare card or other for use
in screening through
Document Verification Service
DVS.
If required, Step 2 We will then apply this procedure to establish the source of the Customerʼs wealth and funds if required to do so provided those
matters are relevant to the nature of the ML/TF risk rating of the Customer.
87

Part III Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of high)
d. Information about the source of the As part of the ECDD process, Afterpay will
☑ ☑
Customerʼs wealth.151 undertake a more detailed analysis of the
Customerʼs KYC information, such as
e. Information about the source of the
collecting employment details, details of how
Customerʼs funds.152
declared assets were accumulated, the
Customerʼs source of wealth and/or source
of funds.
For high-risk Customers, Compliance
Specialists are required to identify and
understand the Customerʼs source of funds
and source of wealth.
Data or documents used to verify a
Customerʼs source of wealth and/or source
of funds will depend on the ML/TF risk
identified and the type of transactions
☑ ☑ undertaken. Examples of documents/data
which can be collected are:
● Bank statements
● Payslips
● Tax returns
● A will (or certified copy)
● Court order (e.g. divorce
settlement)
● Sale/purchase agreements
● Transaction records
During this process, the Customerʼs account
will be frozen by the Compliance Specialist,
then followed up by an email to request for
151 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-21 requires on reasonable grounds the source of the Customer’s wealth provided it is relevant to the ML/TF risk rating of the Customer.
152 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-21 requires on reasonable grounds the source of the Customer’s funds provided it is relevant to the ML/TF risk rating of the Customer.
88

Part III Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of high)
further information. The Customer may be
contacted via Zendesk to request for source
of wealth and/or source of funds
documentation.
Once the information is collected, the
Compliance Specialist is to review the data
in order to determine any associated risk
factors or unusual activity related to the
Customerʼs wealth or money movements.
Compliance Specialists are required to
adhere to an SLA of 3 days in order to
review the collected documents as part of
ECDD. Once reviewed, the documents are to
be saved to the SOF/SOW secured drive
and redacted from Zendesk.
The ECDD matrix and Customer Risk Rating
tool, as applied by Compliance Operations,
will be the basis for determining a
Customer's 'high risk' status.
2. PEP and Targeted Financial Sanctions status (section 282e We will establish, on reasonable grounds, whether the Customer is a PEP or a
person designated for Targeted Financial Sanctions by following the below procedure.
a. We will apply Screening PEP and Screening Targeted Financial Sanctions) to our Customers against the details of the Customer
collected in accordance with section 1 of this table.
Screening PEP
Our Screening PEP will be undertaken by a third-party service provider. If this screening identifies that the Customer is a:
● Foreign Politically Exposed Person, the ML/TF risk rating of the Customer will be upgraded to high (if not already); or
● a Domestic Politically Exposed Person or International Organisation Politically Exposed Person, the ML/TF risk rating of the
Customer will be determined with regard to that PEP status.
Source of funds and wealth for Customers assigned a ML/TF risk rating of high
89

Part III Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of high)
Where we identify a PEP (of any kind), we will be required to establish on reasonable grounds the source of the politically exposed
personʼs wealth and the source of their funds in connection with all Customers we have assigned a ML/TF risk rating of the Customer of
high.153 We will establish source and of wealth and source of funds of the politically exposed person in accordance with the procedures
set out above.
Screening Targeted Financial Sanctions)
Our Screening Targeted Financial Sanctions) will be undertaken by a third-party service provider. If this screening identifies that a
Customer is subject to Targeted Financial Sanctions, the Customer will be referred to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer for further
assessment.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may then terminate the business relationship with the Customer and prohibit the provision of, or
further provision of, Designated Services to the Customer. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may also consider that the information is
relevant to a Potential Suspicious Matter in accordance with section 33 of these AML/CTF Policies or that a Suspicion has formed in
accordance with section 33 of these AML/CTF Policies. In those circumstances, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will comply with the
UAR and SMR processes set out in those respective sections.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may consider whether we are required to hold any controlled assets on behalf of a person or entity
subject to Targeted Financial Sanctions and if so, follow the requirements in r 24 of the Autonomous Sanctions Regulations 2011 and r 42
of the Charter of the United Nations Dealing with Assets) Regulations 2008.
3. Nature and purpose of the business transaction (section 282f We will establish the nature and purpose of the business relationship or
occasional transaction by following the below procedure.
a. Confirmation of the purpose of the Afterpay AU currently offers BNPL product
business relationship or occasional to individuals only, therefore the purpose of
transaction from the circumstances the relationship is to provide short term
of the transaction or business finance to be utilised in the purchase of
relationship and information Customer goods through the Afterpay App.
☑ ☑
collected as part of establishing
Afterpay AU will consider the material
Customerʼs financial situation..
provided by Customers as part of the
onboarding for this BNPL product to ensure
that this is consistent with this nature and
purpose of the relationship. This will include
153 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-23.
90

Part III Initial Customer Due diligence for individuals ML/TF risk rating of high)
information about the Customerʼs income
and expenses.
Information collected for the purpose of
verifying the Customerʼs source of wealth
and source of funds will also be considered
by Afterpay in establishing the nature and
purpose of the business relationship.
4. Reasonable steps to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be (section 283a We will take reasonable steps to establish that the
Customer is who they claim to be by following the below procedure.
a. We are required to take reasonable steps to establish that our Customers who are individuals are who they claim to be. We have
determined that the below steps will ordinarily be reasonable to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be having regard to the
ML/TF risk rating of the Customer:
● We will conduct verification using independent and reliable electronic data through approved databases, verification is
required to be completed against at least 2 approved databases.
● Afterpay operates a 3 Tier verification system whereby if the first method, Tier 1, is unsuccessful, Tier 2 will be applied
requiring collection of Government issued ID information via the Afterpay App. If this is unsuccessful, Tier 3 is applied in
which the Customer must upload ID documentation such as drivers license, passport, Medicare card or other for use in
screening through DVS.
● We will collect a Customerʼs mobile phone number, verified via a one-time SMS code.
● We will collect a Customerʼs e-mail address.
● We will link a Customerʼs linking of funding method.
While we will ordinarily take the above reasonable steps, we acknowledge that this procedure is subject to what is reasonable in the
circumstances. Where we are unable to establish the Customer is who they claim to be in accordance with the above steps, the Customer
will be referred to our AML/CTF Compliance Officer for further assessment. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will determine what
additional KYC Information will be collected and/or verified or what steps may be taken to satisfy our obligation to establish the Customer
is who they claim to be.
If we are still unable to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may terminate the business
relationship with the Customer prohibit the provision of, or further provision of, Designated Services to the Customer.
91

Schedule 6 Travel Rule
Travel Rule: Afterpay AU - Key Implementation Considerations - Afterpay AU providing an item 29 - accepting an instruction from Afteray AUʼs customer
to transfer value to the merchant
This table summarises our understanding of the AU settlement process for both instore and online Afterpay Pi4 transactions.
Settlement process Description Travel Rule requirements - Travel Rule requirements -
To the next institution in
Information to be Information to be passed
the value transfer chain
collected/verified on in the transfer message
When?
1. Merchants ● Afterpay settles directly with
Rule 83, item 2 - transfer Rule 83, item 2 - transfer Next institution: NAB
integrated with the Merchant.
via BECS via BECS
Afterpay via API Mastercard/Marqeta are not Timing: Transfer message
1. Tracing information:
involved. must be passed on before,
a. A. Unique customer
● It does this on a daily or at the same time as,
Collect: # given to Payer by
aggregate basis on T1 Afterpay gives effect to the
Afterpay (ie
following the date of 1. Payer Information: transfer of value (s 643
customerʼs account
transaction/s. a. Payerʼs Afterpay ● This is before or at the
number with
● The amount settled is net of customerʼs] full time that Afterpay
Afterpay) OR unique
merchant fees due to name; and authorises the ABA file
transaction
Afterpay. b. Unique customer # in the NAB portal.
reference number154;
● The settlement money is given to Payer by
and
debited by NAB from the Afterpay (ie We pass on the ABA file
Afterpay ‘PBI settlement customerʼs account which is at the same time as
account - NAB 533ʼ.
154 unique transaction reference number, in relation to a transfer of value, means information to which both of the following paragraphs apply:
a) the information is a combination of any or all of the following:
1. (i) letters;
2. (ii) digits;
3. (iii) characters;
4. (iv) symbols;
(b) the information distinguishes the transfer of value in a way that, either alone or in conjunction with any other information in the transfer message for the transfer of value, enables
the ordering institution to associate the transfer of value with the payer, and the beneficiary institution to associate the transfer of value with the payee.
92

● This is a 'PUSH' payment (by number with b. Payee Merchantʼs] giving effect to transfer of
NAB (in accordance with our Afterpay); BSB and Account value. We would need also
instructions) to the Number need to pass on the
and
Merchant's bank. information in 1(a) at the
● We understand this payment 2. Payeeʼs Merchantʼs] same time to NAB, in a
is made using the BECS rails full name We are already including separate document/file.
(direct credit). 1(b) in the ABA file (see tab
● To enable NAB to do this, we 2 - Schedule - ABA file),
give payment instructions via Verify: however we are not
an ‘ABAʼ file to NAB (using 3. Payer Information: including 1(a) Afterpayʼs
NAB portal) - standard format customerʼs # or a unique
c. Payerʼs Afterpay
- it contains Merchant BSB transaction reference
customerʼs] full
and Account number, number for each transaction
name; and
Merchant Account name; $ that comprises the
d. Unique customer #
amount payable to the aggregate merchant total for
given to Payer by
Merchant. In the reference the day) because the
Afterpay (ie
field we include a ‘Merchant payment amount to each
customerʼs account
unique identifier # followed merchant is a total $$ and is
number with
by the words ‘Afterpayʼ. not broken down per
Afterpay).
Please see ‘Schedule - ABA customer order.
fileʼ tab. Both the collection and
● The ABA file has restricted verification of ‘payer
characters (approx. 35 informationʼ 1 a-b and 3
characters). c-d) should have been done
as part of ICDD under AML
program at time of
onboarding of the Afterpay
customer.
In respect of 2, this should
have been collected as part
of the merchant onboarding
process (outside AML
program).
93

Both of the above is before
Afterpay passes on the
transfer message, or gives
effect to the transfer of
value (s 642.
2. Merchants not
Processing of the transaction: Rule 83, items 45 - Rule 83, items 45 - Next institution: Merchant
integrated with
merchant payment merchant payment acquirer
Afterpay via API –
● Afterpay Button: see slide 22
- In network
Collect: N/A Afterpay button + ebay Timing: Transfer message
● eBay: see slide 35
merchants
Verify: N/A (both are single use card must be passed on before,
IMM
based - payment initiated or at the same time as,
- Online
when the acquirer submits Afterpay gives effect to the
This additional detail explains
purchases
the transaction through the transfer of value (s 643
how the card number
This covers: Mastercard network - ● This is when MPMS
FPAN/DPAN157) moves between
- Afterpay consistent with the pulls funds from the
the various participants for online
button155 definition of merchant Afterpay settlement
purchases - Afterpay button and
(single use payment) account with NAB.
ebay158:
card);
- eBay156 (single We already pass on the card
● Card number of the card
use card card) number at the time of
● Afterpay (via Marqeta) issues the Payer Afterpayʼs
transaction T0 days),
an FPAN (the underlying card customer] used in
which is before settlement
number for single use card) relation to the merchant
T1 days.
which is used to make a payment (or merchant
purchase from a merchant.
155 Slides 20-22
156 Slides 34-36
157 Definitions: FPAN (Funding Primary Account Number) is the actual 16-digit number on a physical credit/debit card, while DPAN (Device Primary Account Number) is a secure, tokenized version of that number
used for mobile wallets (Apple Pay, Google Pay). DPAN enhances security by replacing real card details with a unique identifier.
158 Information provided by Alex Hayes on 16/2 via Slack channel.
94

● The acquirer sends the payment that is
transaction (containing the refunded).
FPAN to Mastercard.
● Mastercard forwards the
authorisation request to We are generating the
Marqeta. single use card number
● Marqeta processes the which is used to make a
request and sends it to purchase from a merchant.
Afterpay for the authorisation The merchantʼs acquirer
decision. submits the transaction
● The approval/decline (which would include the
response flows back from card number) to Mastercard
Afterpay → Marqeta → etc as described in the
Mastercard → acquirer → column to the left.
merchant. Therefore, Afterpay already
satisfies this requirement of
passing on card number in
Settlement of funds to
the transfer message.
merchants: see slide 49159:
● Afterpay has an agreement
with MPMS for processing
bulk transactions.
● MPMS does this on a daily
aggregate basis on T1
following the date of
transaction/s.
● MPMS pulls funds via direct
debit, from Afterpayʼs ‘PBI
settlement account - NAB
533ʼ - these funds are used
to settle with the merchant.
159 Not clear why it depicts ‘Money Movember T+O’ from consumer to merchant (top left hand corner of slide 49). Alex Hayesconfirmed this is incorrect and this green arrow should not appear from Merchant to
Customer.
95

● This is a 'PULL' payment (ie
direct debit) by MPMS from
the Afterpay ‘PBI settlement
account - NAB 533ʼ.
● MPMS do this in accordance
with the authorisation/s
received from Afterpay
approving the purchase/s by
Afterpayʼs customers from
the Merchant.
● Merchant fees
3. Merchants not ● As above for #2 ● As above for #2 ● As above for #2
Processing of the transaction:
integrated with
Afterpay via API –
The only difference is that it
Afterpay card: see slide 15.
- In network is not a single use card
merchants number, rather Afterpay
IMM generates a permanent card
- Instore This additional detail explains (which has a FPAN attached
purchases how the card number to it) which is stored in a
FPAN/DPAN161) moves between customerʼs digital wallet - so
the various participants for the merchant acquirer
This covers: instore Afterpay card/Plus would be passing on DPAN
- Afterpay purchases162: (not FPAN. AUSTRAC
card160 suggests that for a
merchant payment, it is
typical for a tokenised
160 Slides 11-12, 15
161 Definitions: FPAN (Funding Primary Account Number) is the actual 16-digit number on a physical credit/debit card, while DPAN (Device Primary Account Number) is a secure, tokenized version of that number
used for mobile wallets (Apple Pay, Google Pay). DPAN enhances security by replacing real card details with a unique identifier.
162 Information provided by Alex Hayes on 16/2 via Slack channel.
96

● Afterpay (via Marqeta) issues reference to replace the
an FPAN (the underlying card card number, to allow the
number). card issuer to trace the
● If the customer pays using a payment to the payerʼs
digital wallet, the device card163.
transmits a DPAN to the
merchant terminal. The
merchant and acquirer only
ever see the DPAN (not the
FPAN.
● The acquirer sends the
transaction (containing the
DPAN to Mastercard.
● Mastercard detokenises the
DPAN to the FPAN within its
token service before
forwarding the authorisation
request to Marqeta.
● Marqeta processes the
request and sends it to
Afterpay for the authorisation
decision.
● The approval/decline
response flows back from
Afterpay → Marqeta →
Mastercard → acquirer →
merchant.
● Please see ‘Schedule - MPMS
file/settlement reportʼ tab
which is relevant for instore
purchases to show travel of
163 ‘Card number’
97

DPAN as described in this
section.
Settlement of funds to merchants:
● As above for #2
● Merchant fees
4. Merchants not ● As above for #3 ● As above for #3 ● As above for #3
Processing of the transaction:
integrated via API
- Out of network
merchants OMM
● As above for #3
- Instore
purchases
Settlement of funds to
merchants:
This covers: ● As above for #3
- Afterpay Plus ● No merchant fees (because
card164
OMM
Note: Shannon Gilham confirmed that: 1 Merchant Onboarding Card is not in use; 2 SUP closed down in AUS.
Record keeping
You must make and keep records of individual transactions related to the value transfer services you provide. You must also keep records of your
AML/CTF policies and
records that demonstrate you have met your travel rule obligations AML/CTF sections 107, 111 and 1163.
https://www.austrac.gov.au/amlctf-reform/reforms-guidance/other-guidance/travel-rule-reform/travel-rule-obligations-ordering-institutions-reform#Reco
rd%20keeping
Therefore, Afterpay AU should keep records of how it has satisfied the travel rule requirements for each individual value transfer transaction - so all of the
information it has collected, verified and passed on (as described in the first tab of this document) should be retained by way of transaction records in
accordance with the requirements in the abovementioned sections and Afterpay AUʼs AML/CTF Policies.
164 Slides 13-15
98

ABA File
99

Note: In the column ‘Referenceʼ, there is a number eg 156273 before the word "Afterpay" - this is the Afterpay merchant account # in our systems
Note: In the column ‘Amountʼ, there is a dollar amount for each merchant - this is the total for all purchases made by Afterayʼs customers from that
merchant for the previous day
100

This depicts the settlement process for Tab 1 #2#4 Merchants not integrated with API - card based payments). It shows the movement of the card
number which is referred to as DPAN - which is masked.
101

Definitions: FPAN Funding Primary Account Number) is the actual 16-digit number on a physical credit/debit card, while DPAN Device Primary Account
Number) is a secure, tokenized version of that number used for mobile wallets Apple Pay, Google Pay). DPAN enhances security by replacing real card
details with a unique identifier.
AUSTRAC suggests that for a merchant payment, it is typical for a tokenised reference to replace the card number, to allow the card issuer to trace the
payment to the payerʼs card:
https://www.austrac.gov.au/amlctf-reform/reforms-guidance/other-guidance/travel-rule-reform/travel-rule-overview-reform
Defined terms
1.1 Relevant definitions Rule 14
tracing information, in relation to a transfer of value, means information that satisfies both of the following:
(a) the information:
(i) for a transfer from an account held by the payer with the ordering institution—enables the ordering institution to identify the account; or
(ii) for a transfer of a virtual asset from a custodial wallet—enables the ordering institution to identify the payerʼs virtual asset holdings in the wallet
(such as by providing the wallet address, including the destination tag or memo details, if applicable); or
(iii) for a transfer of a virtual asset from a self-hosted virtual asset wallet—provides the address of the wallet; or
(iv) in any other case—provides a unique transaction reference number for the transfer of value;
(b) the information:
102

(i) for a transfer in circumstances where the value is to be made available to the payee by depositing it into an account held by the payee—enables the
beneficiary institution to identify the account; or
(ii) for a transfer of a virtual asset in circumstances where the asset is to be made available to the payee by transferring it to a custodial
wallet—enables the beneficiary institution to identify the payerʼs virtual asset holdings in the wallet (such as by providing the wallet address, including
the destination tag or memo details, if applicable); or
(iii) for a transfer of a virtual asset in circumstances where the value is to be made available to the payee by transferring it to a self-hosted virtual asset
wallet—provides the address of the wallet; or
(iv) in any other case—provides a unique transaction reference number for the transfer of value.
Note: An example of information to which subparagraphs (a)(i) and (b)(i) apply is a combination of a BSB and account number.
unique transaction reference number, in relation to a transfer of value, means information to which both of the following paragraphs apply:
a) the information is a combination of any or all of the following:
1. (i) letters;
2. (ii) digits;
3.(iii) characters;
4. (iv) symbols;
(b) the information distinguishes the transfer of value in a way that, either alone or in conjunction with any other information in the transfer message for
the transfer of value, enables the ordering institution to associate the transfer of value with the payer, and the beneficiary institution to associate the
transfer of value with the payee.
payer information, in relation to a transfer of value, means both of the following:
(a) the payerʼs full name;
(b) information that is one or more of the following:
(i) a unique customer identification number given to the payer by the ordering institution;
(ii) a unique identifier for the payer;
(iii) if the payer is an individual—the payerʼs date and place of birth;
(iv) the payerʼs full business or residential address (not being a post box).
103