Politically Exposed Persons Watchlist Program
Square | Square AU Pty Ltd
Last Approved: Mar 26, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 26, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: As per Australiaʼs Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism
Financing Act 2006 AML/CTF Act), Square AU Pty Ltd (“Square AUˮ) is required to determine
whether its customer or a beneficial owner of the customer is a Politically Exposed Person (“PEPˮ)
before providing services or as soon as practical after services have been provided.
Under section 5 and 28 of the AML/CTF Act and the AML/CTF Rules, reporting entities must
implement appropriate risk-based systems and controls to identify and manage the risks
associated with customers who are PEPs, including their family members and close associates.
The PEP Watchlist Program for Square AU (“Programˮ) is overseen by the Square AU CCO, who
provides necessary approval and ensures regulatory compliance. The Square AU Regulatory
Program Manager is responsible for managing and updating the Program when required, ensuring
it adheres to local regulatory requirements.
In accordance with Square AU Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Financing Policies, the
PEP Watchlist Program established methods and controls to identify PEPs and assess the risk
posed by them. The purpose is to ensure that Square AU appropriately mitigates the potential risk
of money laundering,terrorism financing and proliferation financing associated with PEPs.
Square AU applies a risk-based approach to the identification and management of PEP
relationships, including enhanced due diligence and ongoing monitoring where appropriate.
Scope: This Program is established by Square AU and applicable to the Square AU products
through which Square AU provides Designated Services as defined under the AML/CTF Act, as
specified in the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Policies. This Program is
implemented, managed and maintained by the Square AU Compliance team and sets out the
approach to design and execution Square AUʼs PEP Watchlist Program. This program forms part of
Square AUʼs AML/CTF Program and supports Square AUʼs obligations to identify, assess and
1

manage money laundering and terrorism financing risks associated with Politically Exposed
Persons.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Anti-Money A set of regulatory rules and investigative techniques aimed at preventing
Laundering and combating various illegal activities related to the financial system
(“AMLˮ)
Counter-Terrorist A set of regulatory rules and investigative techniques designed to detect,
Financing prevent and disrupt the flow of funds of terrorist organisations and activities.
(“CTFˮ)
Proliferation The act of providing funds or financial services used, in whole or in part, for
Financing (“PFˮ) the manufacture, acquisition, possession, development, export,
trans-shipment, brokering, transport, transfer, stockpiling or use of nuclear,
chemical or biological weapons and their means of delivery.
The Anti-Money As part of its broader regulatory compliance obligations, Square AU Pty Ltd
Laundering and Square AU is required to comply with the Anti-Money Laundering and
Counter-Terroris Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006, as amended from time to time. The
m Financing Act AML/CTF Act is designed to deter, detect and disrupt money laundering and
2006 (“AML/CTF terrorism financing.
Actˮ)
The Anti-Money The AML/CTF Rules are subsidiary legislative instruments made under the
Laundering and AML/CTF Act. The AML/CTF Rules provide the detail for the broader
Counter-Terroris obligations set out in the AML/CTF Act.
m Financing
Rules Instrument
2007 No. 1
(“AML/CTF
Rulesˮ)
AUSTRAC The Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (‘AUSTRACʼ)
performs a dual role as AML and CTF regulator and financial intelligence unit.
Politically A PEP is an individual who holds a prominent public position or role in a
Exposed government body or international organisation, either in Australia or
Persons (“PEPsˮ) overseas. Immediate family members and/or close associates of these
individuals are also considered PEPs.
Enhanced Enhanced Customer Due Diligence ECDD involves carrying out extra
Customer Due checks on a customerʼs identification, collecting additional information and
Diligence doing additional verification, according to Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
2

(“ECDDˮ) Program.
Suspicious A report that a reporting entity must submit under AML/CTF Act if they have
Matter Report reasonable grounds to suspect that a transaction may be related to money
(“SMRˮ) laundering, terrorism financing, tax evasion, proceeds of crime or any other
serious crimes under Australian law. An SMR must also be submitted if the
reporting entity has reasonable grounds to suspect the customer or an agent
of the customer is not who they say they are.
Designated A service that is listed in section 6 of the AML/CTF Act.
Service
Service Level Defines the expected review period for cases and other responsibilities of
Agreements the Analysts working on filing PEP watchlist alerts.
(“SLAˮ)
2. Program Requirements
2.1. Definition of PEP
A PEP is someone who holds a prominent public position in a government or international
organisation. Through their position, they may have power and influence, and access to and control
over money and resources. This definition also extends to their immediate family members and close
associates.
There are three categories of PEP, as defined in the AML/CTF Rules 2007
● Domestic PEP Someone who holds a prominent public position or role in an Australian
government body;
● Foreign PEP Someone who holds a prominent public position or role with a government
body in a country other than Australia, this would include foreign PEPs working or residing
in Australia;
● International Organisation PEP Someone who holds a prominent public position or role in
an international organisation, such as the United Nations UN, the World Trade
Organisation WTO or the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation NATO.
Immediate family members and close associates of a PEP are also considered PEPs for the
purposes of this Program and must be assessed under Square AUʼs risk-based framework.
2.2. PEP Risk Assessment
All Foreign PEPs must be treated as high risk automatically. Domestic PEPs and International
Organisation PEPs may also be considered as high risk depending on the circumstances. Square AU
3

implements a risk-based approach and conducts risk assessment on domestic and international
organisation PEPs to determine their risk levels.
When deciding the risk levels and whether to apply our Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
measures, we consider the following factors which include but are not limited to:
● Type of business/business nature;
● Purpose/Use of account;
● Transaction size and pattern;
● Level of PEP positions;
● Potential risk posed by PEPs; and
● Adverse media.
Where Square AU becomes aware that an existing customer or beneficial owner has become a
Politically Exposed Person during the course of the business relationship, Square AU will reassess
the customerʼs ML/TF risk rating and determine whether enhanced due diligence measures and
senior management approval are required.
If Square AU determines that a person was previously a PEP, the same controls as for current PEP
will be applied, taking into account:
● Whether the individual still has influence over public policy or expenditure decisions;
● The length of time since the individual held PEP status;
● Whether the individual remains prominent or politically connected; and
● Any other information suggesting the individual may continue to pose a high ML/TF risk
due to their former PEP status.
Senior management approval is required where a former PEP is assessed as presenting a high
ML/TF risk.
2.2.1. High Risk PEP
If a customer or a beneficial owner of a customer is determined to be a high ML/TF risk PEP or is a
Foreign PEP, Square AU must undertake the following steps:
● Seek information from the customer and/or perform detailed analysis of the business to
clarify the nature of the customerʼs ongoing business with us such as the purpose of the
account.
● Take reasonable measures to establish the source of the customerʼs wealth and funds and
follow the review process outlined in Square AUʼs ECDD review procedures for initial
review. In this context, reasonable measures are measures that are practical, necessary
and in line with identified ML/TF risk.
● Determine whether to establish or continue the business relationship with the customer,
which could potentially result in the following outcomes:
○ Discontinue relationship
4

■ Close the customerʼs account(s); and
■ Consider whether a SMR should be submitted
○ Establish or continue relationship
■ Obtain explicit approval from the Square AU CCO, acting as the Senior
Manager responsible for AML/CTF oversight, before establishing or
continuing the business relationship.
■ Monitor the customerʼs future activities and examine the customerʼs
account(s), subject to the Transaction Monitoring Program; and
■ Monitor the customerʼs future activities and examine the customerʼs
account(s) at least yearly, according to the ECDD Program and subject the
account(s) to ECDD review following ECDD review procedures
2.2.2. Medium or Low Risk PEP
If a customer or a beneficial owner of a customer is a domestic PEP or an international organisation
PEP and determined to be Medium or Low ML/TF risk, Square AU must undertake the following
steps:
● Seek information from the customer and/or perform detailed analysis of the business to
clarify the nature of the customerʼs ongoing business with Square AU,such as the purpose
of the account(s).
● Determine whether to continue the business relationship with the customer, which could
potentially result in the following outcomes:
○ Discontinue relationship
■ Close the customerʼs account(s); and
■ Consider whether a SMR should be submitted
○ Continue relationship:
■ Obtain explicit approval from Square AU Compliance Operations Lead ; and
■ Monitor the customerʼs future activities and examine the customerʼs
account(s), subject to Square AUʼs Transaction Monitoring Program and
ECDD Program
2.3. Screening
Square AU uses a third-party vendor to screen for possible PEP matches. All the hits identified
through the screening must be subjected to manual reviews by the Compliance AU Compliance
Analyst and/or Third-Party Agents to determine the appropriate actions. The AU Watchlist
Procedures and PEP Watchlist Procedures - Outsourcing provide further guidance on handling
potential hits.
Screening will occur at onboarding, and periodically throughout the customer relationship as part of
Square AU ongoing monitoring controls.
5

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Square Australia (“AUˮ) Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ Acts as the designated Senior Manager for approvals required under the AML and
CTF Act and Rules, including approving the Politically Exposed Persons Watchlist
Program and any material updates to it.
● Square AU Regulatory Program Manager:
○ Acts as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to oversee and coordinate the operational
functions of the Politically Exposed Persons Watchlist Program in compliance with
local regulatory requirements, ensures that all due diligence processes, including
onboarding, screening, and ongoing checks, are implemented effectively and
consistently, and is responsible for reporting.
● Square AU Compliance Operations Lead:
○ Manages the operational team responsible for reviewing compliance alerts;
provides guidance, training and acts as an escalation point in addition to managing
SLAs.
● Square Compliance Quality Assurance Team:
○ Performs Quality Assurance by reviewing decisions made by analysts during PEP
watchlist review; provides feedback on decision-making, observations, and insights
into trends, processes, and procedures; highlights opportunities for consistency
and efficiency; and reports the results of the reviews to individual team members,
their leads and senior management and supports regulatory and audit
requirements.
● Square AU Compliance Analyst (“The Analystˮ):
○ Reviews the PEP Watchlist alerts and/or manage escalations from the Third-Party
Agents.
● Square AUʼs Board (“The Boardˮ):
○ Responsible for providing governance and oversight by ensuring Square AU
implements an effective AML/CTF program, manages risks, and complies with
reporting obligations.
● Third-Party Agents:
○ Agents from external vendors which Square may engage to undertake internal
queue work.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Program Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
6

will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
Square AU will monitor PEP relationships for unusual transactions, behavioural changes, or changes
in the customerʼs risk profile that may require escalation or the application of enhanced due
diligence measures.
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
Where required under the AML/CTF Act and AML/CTF Rules, records relating to customer due
diligence, enhanced due diligence and transaction monitoring must be retained for at least 7 years.
3.4. Exceptions
The Program Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Program, please contact the Program Owner.
Review related documents:
● Square AU | Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Financing Policies
7

● Square AU | Enhanced Customer Due Diligence Program
● Square AU | Watchlist Procedures
● Square AU | PEP Watchlist Procedure - Outsourcing
● Square AU | Enhanced Customer Due Diligence Review Procedures
● Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006
● Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Rules Instrument 2007 No. 1
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Ying Li AML/CTF Creation First Issuance of Apr 27, 2020
Compliance document
Officer (previous version
in Wiki)
Lance Howard AML/CTF Immaterial C… Update for Aug 21, 2020
Compliance onboarding Third
Officer Party Vendor
JING WANG Square AU Immaterial C… Update for Audit Dec 18, 2020
Compliance Recommendation
Program Manager s
JING WANG Square AU Immaterial C… Annual Review of May 7, 2021
Compliance Document
Program Manager
JING WANG Square AU Immaterial C… Annual Review of May 12, 2021
Compliance Document -
Program Manager Remove
requirement to
escalate to global
CCO for high-risk
PEP approval
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Annual Review of Nov 23, 2023
Compliance Document -
Program Manager remove Sanction
as it will be
Lance Howard Square AU CCO combine into
8

global sanction
program
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Annual Review of Oct 24, 2024
Compliance Document
● Remove
Program Manager
requireme
nt related
to
additional
queue
applied to
medium
risk PEPs
● Update to
new
template
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Annual Review of Mar 24, 2026
Regulatory Document and for
AML/CTF
Program Manager
Reforms
● Update
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Material Cha… Mar 26, 2026
program
to reflect
AML/CTF
reforms
● Update
treatment
about
formal
PEPs
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Square AU Regulatory Program Manager
Approved By Square AU CCO
Document Tier Tier 3
9