Know Your Customer Standard
Cash App US
Last Approved: Dec 23, 2025
Effective Date: Dec 23, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: In accordance with the Block, Inc. (herein referred to as the "Company"
or "Block") BSA/AML Policy, the US Cash App ("Cash") Know Your Customer ("KYC") Standard has
been established to ensure that Cash App reasonably understands who its customers are, and the
risks posed by those customers. The Customer Onboarding and Management team ("COM") has
been established to oversee implementation and monitoring of KYC processes, controls and
procedures. Compliance is responsible for implementing procedures to ensure proper information
or documentation is obtained and stored for each customer file. A risk-based approach is used to
ensure customers identified as posing a heightened risk are subject to Enhanced Due Diligence
("EDD"), allowing the business to further understand the risks the customer poses and establish
processes to mitigate those risks.
The cornerstone of a strong BSA/AML compliance program is the adoption and implementation of
risk-based due diligence policies, procedures, and processes for all customers, particularly those
that present a higher risk for money laundering and terrorist financing. In order to achieve this,
Cash App has designed and implemented a customer risk rating program that assesses a
customer's profile, assigns risk ratings, and monitors the customers' risk levels.
The customer risk rating ("CRR") program enables Cash App to apply the appropriate risk-based
controls to mitigate exposure to money launderers, terrorist financing, and financial crime.
Improper assessment of a customer's risk can have a cascading effect, creating deficiencies in
multiple areas of internal controls and resulting in an overall weakened AML compliance program.
The KYC program captures Customer Due Diligence ("CDD"), Enhanced Due Diligence ("EDD"),
Periodic Due Diligence, and Ongoing Due Diligence to ensure Cash App has a clear understanding
of its customer base and continuously evaluates risks associated with money laundering, terrorist
financing and other financial crimes. It also establishes consistent risk-based monitoring controls
on the platform, including KYC, Know Your Business ("KYB"), Politically Exposed Person ("PEP"),
Source of Wealth/ Source of Funds ("SoW/SoF"), Adverse media screening, KYC Refresh and
Section 314(a) screening.
Scope: All Cash App Compliance personnel should be knowledgeable in program content and are
responsible for compliance with this Program in their related business activities. Cash App

employees should have access to policies that affect their jobs and understand their
responsibilities to perform their work in an ethical and legally compliant manner.
Business units engaged in the development of new products and services, whether resulting from
internal product development or merger and acquisition activities, must consider this Program.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Adverse Media Screening for unfavorable news or mentions about customers,
Negative News) impacting their risk rating and triggering due diligence reviews
BSA Bank Secrecy Legislation obligating financial institutions to implement anti-money
Act) laundering AML programs and combat money laundering, terrorist
financing, and other criminal activities
Cash App Investing An added feature to Cash App allowing customers to invest in stocks
CAI and ETFs, with CAI being a broker-dealer with a risk-based AML
program
Cash Force 1 CF1 A customer relationship management CRM platform that helps
streamline customer service processes, including case management
and issue resolution
CDD Customer Due The process of identifying and assessing customer information to
Diligence) understand their expected activities and assess potential risks
EDD Enhanced Due A process that enables deeper understanding of high-risk customers
Diligence) and implementation of risk mitigation processes
FinCEN Financial A bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
Crimes Enforcement
Network)
KYC Refresh A process involving periodic reviews and updates of customer
information and documentation, including Personally Identifiable
Information PII
MCC Merchant A code assigned to businesses during the Know Your Business KYB
Category Code) process, serving as the basis for evaluating customer risk
ODD Ongoing and Reviews triggered periodically or based on events to assess
Periodic Due customer-specific attributes and activities
Diligence)
PEPs Politically Individuals entrusted with prominent public roles, including elected or
Exposed Persons) appointed officials, and their immediate family and close associates

Terminology Definition
Section 314(a) A section of the USA PATRIOT Act requiring information sharing among
qualifying financial institutions and law enforcement to prevent money
laundering and terrorist activities
SoF/SoW Source of A series of questions aiming to understand the origin of funds used for
Funds/Source of a transaction and the source of a customer's accumulated wealth
Wealth)
TLOxp A data intelligence platform used for due diligence, investigations, and
risk assessment
2. Standard Requirements
2.1 Customer Onboarding Controls
Cash App maintains a comprehensive inventory of product controls documented within its controls
library that help mitigate risks across its platform. These controls extend across multiple customer
touchpoints within Cash Appʼs platform including account creation, financial instrument linking,
account access, transactions, investments. Additionally, Cash App has implemented onboarding
controls and ongoing monitoring to reasonably understand who the customer is, the nature and
purpose of activity on the platform, and to identify and mitigate reputational and financial crimes
related risk. During onboarding, customers provide an alias1 (phone number or email address),
legal name (first and last name, which is also used as the customerʼs display name), zip code2, and
a $cashtag. A customer may also link a debit card to their account. When a debit card is linked to
the customers account through Plaid, Cash App collects the customers bank account name,
mailing address, phone number and email address which is surfaced for specialists during reviews.
At onboarding, customers are prompted for their legal name (referred to as “Unverified Legal
Nameˮ). This name is used during the customerʼs first attempt at electronic identity verification
(eIDV). If the customer does not pass eIDV on their first attempt, they are provided the opportunity
to change their name on the second attempt, and any subsequent eIDV attempts after it resets3.
However, the customer is only allowed to make minor changes like adding, changing, or deleting
up to three characters. If the change is greater than three characters, they are prompted for dIDV.
The name on their document must match the name provided by the customer in any identity
verification (“IDVˮ) attempt where they provided their full SSN.
Cash App has introduced additional controls for restricted/unverified accounts. To mitigate risk
exposure, these controls include aggregating monthly transaction limits for accounts linked to the
same device. Additionally, unverified customers are restricted to using a maximum of five active
devices for transactions, and collectively these accounts cannot exceed $1,000 in transactions
within a 30 day rolling basis. If the account limit is exceeded, customers must undergo IDV to
1 The alias must be verified using a one-time passcode (OTP)
2 For sign-ups in Florida customers provide their full address
3 60 day reset period

complete transactions. Furthermore, restricted/unverified accounts4 have a lifetime limit of $1,500,
applied individually rather than aggregated across devices. If identity verification is not completed
once the lifetime limit is met, access to the account will be restricted to only allow the withdrawal
of funds. These measures prevent perpetual unverified states and promote a higher number of
verified accounts in the Cash App ecosystem.
Customers seeking access to certain products are required to successfully pass the IDV flow.
During this process, Cash App obtains the customerʼs legal name, date of birth, the last four digits
of their Social Security Number or Individual Tax Identification Number5 and physical address. If
the customer is required to be verified through document identity verification (dIDV), an unexpired
government issued ID and selfie is required. A customer can be verified through eIDV or document
identity verification processes. eIDV involves electronically validating customer-provided
information against vendor sources6 to verify their identity and dIDV7 requires the collection and
verification of official documents, such as a government-issued ID, and a selfie to verify the
information provided during onboarding.
Additional sign-up controls prohibit the use of VoIP phone numbers, device emulators, and block
account creation from outside the US (“VPNˮ) as follows:
● Accounts may not be created using a Voice over Internet Protocol (“VOIPˮ) phone number;
● An emulated device can not be used to create a new account or log into an existing
account; and
● Cash App blocks account creation if device signals indicate that the customer is outside
the US (e.g., IP address, device time zone, device SIM card).
Cash App has instituted measures to remove bad actors from the platform and prevent them from
bypassing existing controls through denylist propagation. This control extends across customer
assets. Those assets include: social security number or individual tax identification number,
financial instrument, mobile device, phone number, and email address.
To mitigate risk exposure, a social security number or individual tax identification number can be
linked to a maximum of 5 active accounts. A financial instrument can also be linked to a lifetime
maximum of 5 accounts. A phone number can be transferred and linked to a maximum of 5 active
accounts within a 9-month period. An email address (including permutations) can be transferred
and re-linked to a total of 5 active accounts for its lifetime, linking an email will be blocked for the
6th active account.
When a customer is denylisted8, based on the severity of the activity (i.e., for certain illegal,
fraudulent, or other suspicious activity) their assets are also denylisted. When the SSN is
denylisted it is added to the SSN denylist which prevents any account attempting identity
verification with that SSN to also be denylisted. Financial instruments that are denylisted are
4 Cash App Terms of Service
5 Last 4 digits collected for first IDV attempt on non-financial services or lending products. Full 9 digits are collected for subsequent IDV
attempts or if customer using financial services or lending products
6 Vendors - Ideology, TLO, LexisNexis and Socure
7 Vendor- Persona
8Customers cannot send, request or receive funds, use a Cash Card, add funds, buy stock or bitcoin, or take loans. Additionally,
there is a block on linked instruments for all future attempts.

prevented from being linked to other accounts. Denylisted devices are blocked from future
sign-ups for nine months. Depending on the severity of the bad actorʼs activity, this rule might
impact any device that logged into the account in the past year, or the most recent device. Phone
numbers that are denylisted are prevented from being linked to an account for a rolling 270 day
timeframe. Email addresses (including permutations) associated with a denylisted account are
prevented from being linked to another account.
2.1.1 Customer Risk Scoring and Status
Customer Risk Rating ("CRR") is a primary control to identify high-risk accounts on Cash App's
platform. All accounts have an overall risk status which consists of risk factors that can be grouped
into two categories - model risk and intrinsic risk. Accounts and customers have a model risk
score (which is defined by the empirical risk score) and have a risk status (which is defined by
intrinsic risk factors). All accounts, whether verified or unverified, are scored through machine
learning models (i.e. activation customer risk rating ("aCRR") and continuous customer risk rating
("cCRR"). A customer's risk status is impacted by intrinsic risk factors like matches to PEP,
Adverse Media related to financial crimes or reputational risk, and operations in high-risk
industries.
After successful onboarding, accounts are scored in real-time through the aCRR. The aCRR model
utilizes 200 features from the set of signals available at the alias-link event. The model features are
grouped in categories like transaction activity, connected users, onboarding attributes, linked
instruments etc. Additionally, active verified accounts are scored weekly through the cCRR. The
cCRR model utilizes 163 features and is grouped based on historical compliance/ risk actions,
connected through various identifiers such as SSN, device, IP addresses, bank/card linkage etc
(described in the Design doc).
The KYC program uses CRR scores to determine high-risk populations, ensuring they undergo EDD
on an ongoing basis, while also monitoring low and moderate-risk customers for suspicious
activity. Customers with high empirical risk scores and with a high CRR status receive EDD on an
ongoing basis.
2.1.2 Due Diligence Reviews
The primary goals of due diligence reviews include identifying or obtaining relevant
customer-specific information to understand the nature and purpose of the customerʼs relationship
with Cash App. This involves continuously monitoring customer activity, transactions, and behavior
patterns to detect potential money laundering, terrorist financing, and other financial crimes risks
posed by customers. Moreover, due diligence entails conducting an enhanced level of scrutiny on
higher risk accounts and customers. By subjecting higher risk customers to EDD, Cash App can
better identify and manage potential risks, thereby enhancing the overall effectiveness and
safeguarding the integrity of its platform.
2.1.3 Customer Due Diligence9
CDD involves obtaining and evaluating customer information to determine their activity and
establish a reasonable assessment of potential risks related to money laundering, terrorist
financing, and other financial crimes. The information identified during CDD is crucial for
9 Manual CDD is only conducted on the CAI population

determining overall risk and contributes to the methodology used for customer risk scoring. In
cases where manual CDD is necessary, it is conducted for customers with moderate and low-risk
ratings. Throughout the CDD process, KYC specialists analyze specific customer attributes,
transactional behaviors patterns, and web presence to gain insight into the account's purpose as
well as the account expected activity.
2.1.4 Enhanced Due Diligence
Enhanced Due Diligence enables Cash App to comprehensively assess the risks posed by
customers and implement measures to mitigate those risks effectively. High-risk customers are
identified through Cash Appʼs Customer Risk Rating methodology. Customers engaging in high-risk
activity or involved in high-risk scenarios such as VPN usage, darknet exposure, and mixing
exposure may receive an EDD review. Additionally, accounts may also be flagged for EDD review
based on referrals from other departments or entities within the organization.
During the EDD process, specialists evaluate various customer-specific attributes and account
data elements. They assess customer specific attributes and data elements like transactional
behavior patterns, including activities linked to connected accounts within the customer's network
on the platform. They analyze the customer's web presence, relevant negative news screening,
linked bank account and financial instrument behavior, and review pertinent business information,
source of funds, and source of wealth. These reviews provide a deeper understanding of the
account's nature, purpose, and expected activity. The EDD process is conducted within the
defined service level agreement (“SLAˮ) for the EDD workflow, ensuring timely and thorough
assessments of high-risk accounts.
2.1.5 Periodic Due Diligence and Ongoing EDD
Periodic due diligence is part of the KYC Refresh process and is triggered yearly for high-risk
active accounts, every 3 years for medium risk rated accounts, and every 5 years for low-risk
rated accounts. The scope of the due diligence review is contingent on the accountʼs risk rating,
wherein specialists analyze customer-specific attributes, transactional behavior patterns, and web
presence to understand the account's nature and anticipated activity. High-risk accounts undergo
enhanced due diligence, including manual google searches for negative news and a
comprehensive review of identity and behavior patterns; while medium and low-risk accounts may
require updated identity documentation and negative news google searches. During the periodic
due diligence process, specialists conduct a detailed review to ensure the completeness and
consistency of the updated information, documentation, and verification.
Customers that have had an initial due diligence review are subjected to ongoing due diligence
every 90 days. High-risk accounts and customers must also be subject to enhanced ongoing
monitoring. Ongoing reviews may also be triggered based on a triggering event. Triggering events
may include, but are not limited to: hard linkages to multiple denylisted accounts, confirmed
negative news associated with the account or account holder, confirmed Politically Exposed
Person is the account holder; transactional activity concerns; or external escalations.
2.1.6 Politically Exposed Persons
PEPs are categorized and defined as:

● Domestic PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted domestically US with
prominent public functions.
● Foreign PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted with prominent public functions
by a foreign (non-US) country.
● International Organization PEPs: individuals who are or have been entrusted with a
prominent function by an international organization.
● Family member: Individuals who are related to a PEP either directly or through marriage or
similar (civil) forms of partnerships.
● Close associates: Individuals who are closely connected to a PEP, either socially or
professionally.
Cash App employs a risk based approach to monitor for PEPs. PEPs are identified through Cash
App's compliance due diligence and investigation processes. True positive matches require
approval from compliance leadership in order to retain their relationship. Risk criteria considered
for PEPʼs on Cash App include activity, geo-location association, nature and magnitude of their
influence, and the extent of control. Any high-risk PEPs identified are subject to EDD on an
ongoing basis which may include reaching out to the customer to confirm SoF/SoW information,
adverse media screening, and a transactional review of the customerʼs activity.
2.1.7 Source of Wealth/Source of Funds
Source of Wealth/ Source of Funds information may be obtained through the onboarding flow (for
investing customers), due diligence reviews, or through the in-app SoW and SoF control).
The SoW/SoF in-app flow is a series of questions that aim to understand the customerʼs origin of
funds used for a transaction (‘SoFʼ) and the origin of the customerʼs accumulated wealth (‘SoWʼ).
Customers are triggered for SoF/SoW collection based on their customer risk rating and
transactional activity/frequency. Customers that access Cash App Invest products, are always
required to provide SoF/SoW information at onboarding (employment information).
Based on their responses to the in-app questionnaire, customers may be prompted to upload
additional supporting documentation such as a pay stub, W2, or bank account statement. If a
high-risk customer does not respond with the information requested, the account will be blocked
from bringing in any new cash inflows onto the platform. An autoblock is placed on all transactions,
with the exception of liquidating and withdrawing funds, and access is revoked across all products
except Cash Out, selling Stocks, and selling or withdrawing on-chain Bitcoin.
All customers that are triggered for SoW/SoF validation will be subject to review regardless of
whether they complete the questionnaire and/or provide documentation. During the EDD review,
the account will be evaluated for any concerning or suspicious activity and may be cleared,
denylisted, and/or escalated to the Financial Crimes team for further review.
Additionally, Specialists perform SoW/SoF checks during all Enhanced Due Diligence and
Customer Due Diligence manual reviews as part of the standard procedure. The information is
obtained through open source research, customer inquiries (“RFIˮ) on an ad hoc basis, or third
party vendor checks (i.e. TLOxp)

2.1.8 Adverse Media Negative News)
Screening of adverse media is a crucial component within the KYC program. Verified customers
undergo screening for adverse media during both the onboarding process and at regular intervals10
through Cash App's vendor screening process. If they are then identified as a potential match for
news pertaining to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial crimes, or high reputational risk,
they receive an EDD review.
Additionally, within the EDD review process, all customers are subject to manual Google searches
to identify negative news within the manual review.
The outcomes of the screening process for individual customers serve as crucial indicators for
determining their risk rating status within the intrinsic risk model. Customers' risk status may be
subject to change based on the severity of identified negative news. Confirmed matches to
negative news may lead to an elevation in the customer's risk status, potentially requiring
additional escalation for investigation and reporting.
2.1.9 KYC Refresh
Verified customers are prompted for KYC refresh on a regular cadence that is based on the
continuous risk score. The KYC Refresh process encompasses a review of the customer along
with periodic updates of the customer's name and address and customer documentation. A
risk-oriented strategy is implemented, ensuring that high-risk customers undergo more frequent
due diligence refreshes in comparison to those classified as moderate or low-risk.
Active accounts are required to confirm or update their legal name and address every year for
high-risk customers, every 3 years for medium risk customers, and every 5 years for low-risk
customers. Inactive customers will undergo the KYC Refresh process upon reactivation or as per
policy requirements. Customers receive prompts through in-app notifications, email, and SMS to
complete the personal information refresh. If the customerʼs legal name has changed, they are
required to go through Cash Appʼs existing process to update their legal name by providing
documentation for manual review to evidence the name change (e.g., divorce decree, marriage
certificate).
High-risk accounts are given 30 days to confirm their personal information and 90 days to upload
a new government photo ID. These accounts undergo EDD review every 90 days, in accordance
with Cash App's review guidelines, supplemented by an annual KYC refresh. High-risk customers
are blocked from transacting if they do not complete information refresh during the timeframe
provided to them.
Medium-risk customers are given 90 days, and low-risk customers are given 180 days to confirm
their personal information. Customers who do not respond to the confirmation request undergo
re-verification through the original eIDV vendor. If the re-verification attempt fails, the customer's
information is processed via the eIDV waterfall (excluding SSA using their most recent Legal
Name, DOB, and SSN. Customers with successful verification are marked as "responded" with a
timestamp of the verification stored in the PI refresh database. Customers with unsuccessful
10 Rescreening every 30 days

verification are enrolled in a 14-day re-verification campaign. Failure to pass re-verification within
this period results in customers IDV status revocation, and may be subject to a manual review.
Additionally, moderate and low-risk rated customers have 180 days to upload a new ID from the
expiration date of their government issued ID, failure to do so may also result in a manual review.
2.1.10 Section 314(a)
Pursuant to requirements within the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate
Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 ("USA PATRIOT Act"), the Treasury
Department maintains a process for information sharing in and among qualifying financial
institutions and law enforcement divisions in order to prevent money laundering and terrorist
activities.
Section 314(a) requires certain financial institutions to register with their federal regulator in order
to receive information requests and notifications about individuals or organizations that are
suspected of being involved in or connected to criminal activity. FinCEN, the administrator of this
process, maintains an electronic database to facilitate this information exchange (the Secure
Information Sharing System - SISS.
Cash App maintains a registration with FinCEN and actively participates in screening against 314(a)
information requests.
2.2 Metrics and Reporting
Reporting and tracking of the overall health of Blockʼs AML program are managed through a
number of dashboards, ad hoc reports, and spreadsheet trackers designed to provide a structural
and tactical view into the program and enable effective and actionable insights. Both programmatic
and operational reporting are used to allow visibility of Blockʼs AML risk exposure and overall
performance. Operational reporting provides a look into the daily, weekly, monthly actions related
to case creation/ alert volume; backlogs; individual specialistsʼ performance, including but not
limited to comparative tracking of average time per case, action rate, and quality control
performance that is driven by established KPI and KRI indicators. Programmatic reporting provides
transparency into the global performance of the AML program and gauges compliance impact to
the business, through the tracking of negative actions taken on customerʼs accounts, escalation
activity into the Financial Crimesʼ SAR investigations team (further tracked to suspected SARs and
actual SARs generated), and compliance initiatives/ OKRs.
2.3 System Access
Specialists require access to all systems and tools listed within the Systems and Tools section.
Additionally, specialists require Compliance specific roles to ensure access to job specific
functionalities.
2.4 Queue Parameters
Cash App utilizes various proprietary algorithms to create cases for the KYC team to review. This
includes automated case queues and periodic or manual reports for review. Case queues and
reports are generated using machine-learning, heuristics, and manual methodologies.

Cash Appʼs Customer Onboarding and Due Diligence team queues are established and maintained
by internal Engineering team(s). Any new queues or recommended changes to the existing queue
models for the KYC team are reviewed and approved by the Customer Onboarding and Due
Diligence Lead.
2.5 Quality Control
The Quality Control QC team recognizes the importance of ensuring that compliance programs
are functioning optimally while assessing performance and enabling precise and accurate reviews,
as well as appropriate risk based controls. The QC program is an independent team that ensures
actions taken on individual accounts are in line with review procedures, and are based on the
overall reputational, operational, and regulatory risk posed. Essential functions of the QC process
include creating a feedback loop for the KYC team to continuously identify opportunities for
improvement, assessing potential operational gaps to remediate deficiencies, and developing and
disseminating quality control reporting.
2.6 Risk Assessment
Cash Appʼs Global Anti-Money Laundering (“AMLˮ) and KYC Risk Assessments are completed
annually by the Compliance Governance & Program Support – Risk Assessment Team GPSRA
with input/feedback from the Business Unit KYC operation teams. The risk assessments are
reviewed and approved by the GCCO or applicable in-country CCO. Risk assessments may also
occur off-cycle as a result of international expansion, the introduction of new products or services,
material changes to existing products or services, or new or material changes to regulatory
requirements.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities:
● Chief Compliance and BSA Officer:
○ Reviewing, recommending changes to and providing approval of compliance policies
at least annually
○ Reviewing and approving recommended changes to monitoring parameters and
models
● Customer Onboarding and Management COM Lead:
○ Responsible for reviewing and approving any changes to the Cash KYC Program
● Customer Onboarding and Management COM Program Manager:
○ Owner of the program document and responsible for providing an advisory
function as well as engaging with the KYC operations team on new product
launches and program controls
● Customer Onboarding and Due Diligence Team:
○ Conducting due diligence on accounts in accordance with documented procedures,
user guides, and guidance logs
○ Documenting conclusions in a manner that is clear and complete

○ Reviewing escalated customer accounts to determine if the customer has violated
Blockʼs Terms of Service
○ Escalating customer accounts to the Transaction Monitoring team that are identified
as having potential unusual or suspicious activity
○ Reviewing escalated customer accounts to determine if there is sanctions exposure
● Transaction Monitoring Team:
○ Reviewing cases and investigating associated customer activity within established
queue SLAs
○ Escalating customer accounts to the Enhanced Due Diligence team that are
identified as potentially violating Blockʼs Terms of Service
○ Escalating customer accounts to the Sanctions team that are identified as having
potential sanctions exposure
○ Escalating customer accounts to the Suspicious Activity
○ Reporting Team that meets the established referral requirements for unusual or
suspicious activity
● Suspicious Activity Reporting Team:
○ Reviewing escalated customer accounts to determine if a Suspicious Activity
Report SAR is required
○ File SARs within established timelines per Suspicious Activity Reporting procedures
○ Deactivating customer accounts that are identified as exhibiting patterns of
transactions indicative of unusual or suspicious activity
● Quality Control Team:
○ Reviewing actions taken by the Customer Onboarding and Due Diligence,
transaction monitoring and SAR teams for consistency with established procedures
○ Providing reporting for management and senior leadership teams on the results of
the reviews
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3 Training
All full-time Cash App employees and contractors receive Bank Secrecy Act ("BSA")/AML and
OFAC training at least once per calendar year.
Upon onboarding, newly hired KYC Operations Analysts are provided role specific training relating
to alert review and proper manager escalations as outlined in the KYC Standard Operating

Procedures SOPs. Ongoing training requirements are set by the Business Unit Lead and may be
deemed necessary based on performance, changes to processes, or the implementation of new
processes.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws
and regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request,
and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Cash App KYC Policy
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Jonathan Diaz KYC Program Block performs January 18, 2022
Manager analysis of the
need for the

Approver Title Type Description Date
program.
Program is
drafted.
Nafeesa KYC Program Creation Reviewed by January 27, 2022
Blackwell Manager Customer
Onboarding and
Due Diligence
Lead.
Nafeesa Customer Initial Appr… Approved by April 11, 2022
Blackwell Onboarding and Customer
Due Diligence
Onboarding and
Lead
Management
Lead.
Jonathan Diaz Customer Initial Appr… Updated May 3, 2022
Onboarding and communication
Due Diligence
section with One
Lead
Trust link.
Jonathan Diaz KYC Program Material Ch… Included 314a March 17, 2023
Manager verbiage and
removed TOSV.
Adrian Gardner KYC Program Material Ch… Reviewed and March 20, 2023
Manager approved by
Customer
Onboarding and
Management
Lead.
Jonathan Diaz Customer Material Ch… Addition of May 12, 2023
Onboarding and controls and
Management
program updates
Lead
Vanessa Rioux KYC Program Immaterial … Updated April 3, 2024
Manager formatting,
content to align
with updated
processes
Anjali Khullar Customer Immaterial … Immaterial April 4, 2024
Management & formatting
Quality Control
change to add
Lead
Approval History

Approver Title Type Description Date
Adrian Gardner Customer Material Ch… Reviewed and April 9, 2024
Onboarding and approved by
Management
Customer
Program
Onboarding and
Management
Management
Lead
Lead.
Adrian Gardner Head of Material Ch… Immaterial April 16, 2024
Customer update to
Onboarding and
customer
Management
onboarding
controls section.
Adrian Gardner Head of Immaterial … Immaterial December 13,
Customer update to the 2024
Onboarding and
KYC refresh
Management
section.
Adrian Gardner Customer Material Ch… Inclusion of ITIN December 23,
Onboarding and for IDV process 2025
Appeals Program
Lead
Document Details:
Business Cash App
Scope US
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Customer Onboarding and Appeals,
Compliance
Approved By Customer Onboarding and Appeals Program
Lead
Document Tier Tier 3