Suspicious Matter Report Program
Square | Square AU Pty Ltd
Last Approved: Mar 25, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 25, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: In order to fulfil our reporting obligations under Australiaʼs Anti-Money
Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act AML/CTF Act), Square Australia Pty Ltd (“Square
AUˮ) has developed the Suspicious Matter Report Program (“Programˮ) as part of Square AUʼs
Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Financing Policies, to prevent, detect, and report
suspicious activities as they pertain to the Designated Services Square AU provides.
The purpose of the Program is to establish a structured process within Square AU for identifying,
escalating, and reporting suspicious activities to AUSTRAC in compliance with the AML/CTF Act.
The Program ensures that all relevant Staff Members understand their obligations, including the
need to identify suspicious transactions or behaviour, perform enhanced due diligence, and submit
accurate and timely reports to AUSTRAC when required without tipping off.
Scope: This Program is established by Square AU and is applicable to the Square AU products
through which Square AU provides Designated Services as defined under the AML/CTF Act, as
specified in theAnti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Program. This Program is
implemented, managed and maintained by the Square AU Compliance team and outlines the
approach to designing and executing Square AUʼs SMR Program.
Square AUʼs Designated Services do not involve “threshold transactionsˮ as defined in the
AML/CTF Act therefore we are not required to report Threshold Transaction Reporting TTR.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Anti-Money Set of laws, regulations and procedures designed to detect and deter money
Laundering laundering, terrorist financing, and any other financial crimes.
(“AMLˮ)
1

Counter-Terrorist Set of laws, regulations and measures designed to detect, prevent and
Financing disrupt the flow of funds of terrorist organisations and activities.
(“CTFˮ)
Proliferation The act of providing funds or financial services used, in whole or in part, for
Financing (“PFˮ) the manufacture, acquisition, possession, development, export,
trans-shipment, brokering, transport, transfer, stockpiling or use of nuclear,
chemical or biological weapons and their means of delivery.
The Anti-Money As part of its broader regulatory compliance obligations, Square AU Pty Ltd
Laundering and Square AU is required to comply with the Anti-Money Laundering and
Counter-Terroris Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006, as amended from time to time. The
m Financing Act AML/CTF Act is designed to deter, detect and disrupt money laundering and
2006 (“AML/CTF terrorism financing.
Actˮ)
Enhanced Enhanced Customer Due Diligence ECDD involves carrying out extra
Customer Due checks on a customerʼs identification, collecting additional information and
Diligence doing additional verification, according to Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
(“ECDDˮ) Program.
Suspicious A report that a reporting entity must submit under AML/CTF Act if they have
Matter Report reasonable grounds to suspect that a transaction may be related to money
(“SMRˮ) laundering, terrorism financing, tax evasion, proceeds of crime or any other
serious crimes under Australian law. An SMR must also be submitted if the
reporting entity has reasonable grounds to suspect the customer or an agent
of the customer is not who they say they are.
AUSTRAC The Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (‘AUSTRACʼ), which
performs a dual role as AML and CTF regulator and financial intelligence unit.
Quality The Quality Assurance process of reviewing decisions made by an analyst
Assurance during SMR alerts reviews by a Quality analyst.
Service Level Defines the expected review period for cases and other responsibilities of
Agreements the Compliance Australia Analysts working on filing SMR.
(“SLAˮ)
Tipping Off The conduct of disclosing any information about an SMR, or inferring that
Square AU has submitted or will submit an SMR.
Financial Act that imposes certain obligations on solicitors and entities known as “cash
Transaction dealersˮ under the FTR Act.
Reports (“FTRˮ)
Act
Designated A service that is listed in section 6 of the AML/CTF Act.
Service
2

2. Program Requirements
2.1. Employee Obligations
2.1.1. Tipping Off
“Tipping offˮ is a criminal offence prohibited by AML/CTF Act and can result in a penalty of up to two
years imprisonment, 120 penalty units, or both. The tipping off offence applies to the following
persons (current or former):
● A Reporting entity;
● An officer, employee or agent of a reporting entity;
● A person that has been required to give information or produce documents under sections
491 or section s49B1 of the AML/CTF Act.
Tipping off is disclosing certain types of information to another person, where it would or could
reasonably be expected to prejudice an investigation. This includes:
● Information about SMRs
○ Information that establishes that an SMR has been submitted, or that a requirement to
submit an SMR has been triggered.
○ A report made or prepared for the purposes of meeting SMR obligations, including
any copies.
○ any document purporting to set out information contained in an SMR.
● Information relating to notices issued under sections 49 and 49B of the AML/CTF Act.
○ That a requirement was or is in place to provide information or produce a document in
response to a notice.
○ that you have given information or produced a document in response to a notice.
Appropriate controls will be implemented to prevent the improper disclosure of protected
Information, including when sharing within the reporting group or with third parties. Information held
will be identified, and circumstances where disclosure could prejudice an investigation will be
assessed, with measures applied such as restricting access on a genuine need-to-know basis,
maintaining confidentiality and security safeguards, and ensuring appropriate protections when
sharing Information externally. Regular employee training and appropriate due diligence processes
will be maintained to support compliance with tipping off obligations.
2.1.2. Notification and escalation
There are three broad channels through which a member of the Square AU Compliance Team may
become aware of activity requiring further investigation to determine if it warrants a SMR
submission. These channels include:
● Automated account monitoring that has been established to identify potentially suspicious
activity.
3

● Internal referrals from Block Staff Members (e.g., Compliance, Risk, Capital Operations,
Afterpay or Customer Success teams)
● External referrals from third parties (e.g., banking partners, other financial institutions, law
firms, law enforcement or government agencies)
The investigation will be conducted within a time frame set internally by Square AU. An internal
tracking system is set up to ensure the time frame is strictly followed.
If any Square AU Staff Member is aware of any activity that may involve money laundering, terrorist
financing, proliferation financing, and/or other criminal activity that they believe should be
investigated immediately by the Square AU Compliance Team for reporting purposes, the Square AU
Compliance Team shall be contacted immediately via compliance_au@squareup.com.
2.2. When to Submit SMR
If unusual activity has been identified and the Square AU Compliance Team is notified, Enhanced
Customer Due Diligence ECDD must be conducted initially to determine if Square AU have
reasonable grounds for suspicion.
Square AU is required to submit an SMR to AUSTRAC when Square AU forms a suspicion on
‘reasonable groundsʼ, which means, that if a reasonable person (e.g. Square AU
InvestigationsAnalyst) would conclude from the facts, circumstances and all the information
available about the matter that an SMR should be submitted, Square AU must report it. Square AU
must also explain why Square AU has formed a suspicion in the SMR.
A SMR must be submitted if Square AU has reasonable grounds to suspect that the customer or
transaction is related to one or more of the following offences or scenarios:
● Terrorism financing;
● Money laundering;
● An offence against a Commonwealth, state or territory law;
● Proceeds of crime;
● Tax evasion;
● Someone is not who they claim to be; and
● Could be the victim of a crime.
A SMR must be submitted each time a new suspicion is formed on reasonable grounds.
SMRs only relate to matters involving Designated Services. This includes when Square AU starts
providing Designated Services, or when Square AU is asked about providing Designated Services as
part of our normal business activities.
4

2.3. Deadline for SMR
The SMR reporting deadlines start once Square has formed its suspicion, which may be at any time
in Square AUʼs business relationship with its customers. A suspicion is only ‘formedʼ after the Square
AU Compliance team has conducted ECDD and when the Square AU Investigation team determines
that there are reasonable grounds for suspicion.
Once a suspicion on reasonable grounds has been formed after investigations, the Square AU
Investigation team must submit an SMR about the matter (subject to ensuring a "Tipping Off" offence
is not committed) within:
● 24 hours after forming the relevant suspicion if the suspicion relates to terrorism financing; or
● 3 business days after forming the suspicion in all other cases; or
● 5 business days after the day the suspicion is formed if Square AU claim the SMR include
information protected by Legal professional privilege LPP. It does not apply if suspicion was
relevant to terrorism financing.
The Square AU Compliance team leverages an internal mechanism to track the above deadline is
strictly followed to avoid any late submission.
2.4. After Submitting SMR
2.4.1. Relationship with suspicious customers
Square AU is not required to end the business relationship or stop providing Designated Services to
a customer because Square AU has formed a suspicion about them.
If Square AU decides to end the relationship or stop providing Designated Services, Square AU
needs to ensure not to tip off.
If Square AU decides to continue the relationship or to provide the Designated Service, Square AU
will apply ECDD to the customer.
2.4.2. Record Retention related to SMRs
SMR Records: All records related to SMRs and accompanying documentation will be retained
securely for a period of seven years from the date of submission as per requirement in AML/CTF
Act. For additional details about record retention related to this Program document, please refer to
Section 8 “Record Retentionˮ.
2.4.3. Information Requests
AUSTRAC and its partner agencies may request more information from Square AU about a submitted
SMR. A written notice (usually referred to as "Section 49" of the AML/CTF Act) will be issued to
Square AU in such circumstances. This might include asking Square AU for further details about the
5

customer or a specific transaction or account. The request will be processed by the Law
Enforcement Response Team with support from Square AU Compliance Team.
2.5. Training
Square AU ensures that the Analysts working on SMR cases are fully trained in the AU Suspicious
Matter Report Procedure to take appropriate steps to investigate and provide rationale for reviewing
alerts, through a combination of new hire, on the job，targeted SMR continuous training, according to
Square | Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Risk Awareness Training Program.
2.6. Quality Assurance
The Square Compliance Quality Assurance Team is a separate team from the Square AU Compliance
Team and exercises Quality Assurance by reviewing decisions made by the analysts during SMR
filing. The Square Compliance Quality Management Team reports the results of the reviews to
individual team members, their leads and senior management.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities :
● Square Australia (“AUˮ) Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ Acts as the designated Senior Manager for approvals required under the AML and
CTF Act and Rules, including approving the Suspicious Matter Report Program and
any material updates to it.
● Square AU Regulatory Program Manager:
○ Acts as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to oversee and coordinate the operational
functions of the Suspicious Matter Report Program in compliance with local
regulatory requirements, ensures that all due diligence processes, including
onboarding, screening, and ongoing checks, are implemented effectively and
consistently, and is responsible for reporting.
● Square Global Investigations Team Lead:
○ Manages the operational team responsible for reviewing compliance alerts;
provides guidance, training and acts as an escalation point in addition to managing
SLAs.
● Square AU Investigations Analyst (“The Analystˮ):
○ Monitors and acts upon SMR alerts, including reviewing and filing SMRs to
AUSTRAC.
● Square AUʼs Board (“The Boardˮ):
6

○ Responsible for providing governance and oversight by ensuring Square AU
implements an effective AML/CTF program, manages risks, and complies with
reporting obligations.
● Square Compliance Quality Assurance Team:
○ Performs Quality Assurance by reviewing decisions made by the analysts during
SMR alerts review and filing; provides feedback on decision-making, observations,
and insights into trends, processes, and procedures; highlights opportunities for
consistency and efficiency; and reports the results of the reviews to individual team
members, their leads and senior management and supports regulatory and audit
requirements.
● Staff Members:
○ All full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent working including interns,
temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
● Law Enforcement Response Team:
○ Responsible for handling and responding to law enforcement requests.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
7

provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Related Documentation or References:
● Square AU | Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Financing Policies
● Square AU | Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Risk Awareness Training Program
● Square AU |Suspicious Matter Report Procedure
● Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Ying Li Square AU CCO Creation First issuance of Apr 27, 2020
this document
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Scheduled R… Annual review of May 13, 2021
document
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Scheduled R… Annual review of Oct 5, 2022
8

document
- Update
“Tipping Offˮ
following
Austracʼs
updated
guidance
- Remove
reference to
local External
Inquiry
Process.
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Annual review of Nov 22, 2023
Compliance document
Program Manager
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Material Cha… Annual review of Nov 27, 2023
document
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Annual review of Nov 11, 2024
document
Compliance
- Update the
Program Manager requirement
for applying
ECDD when
determining
whether a SMR
is warranted
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Scheduled R… Annual update - Nov 11, 2024
same as above
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Annual review of Mar 24, 2026
document
Regulatory
- Update
Program Manager requirement
about Tipping Off
to reflect
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Material Cha… Mar 25, 2026
AML/CTF reforms
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
9

Document Owner Square AU Regulatory Program Manager
Approved By Square AU CCO
Document Tier Tier 3
10