Cash App Sanctions
Compliance Standard
Cash App
May 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 2

Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 7
4. Standard Requirements 8
4.1 Product Controls 8
4.2 Sanctions Screening 9
4.3 Customer Screening 9
4.4 Employee Screening 10
4.5 External Workforce Screening 10
4.6 Vendor Screening 10
4.7 Beneficial Owner Screening 10
4.8 Transaction Screening 11
4.9 Bitcoin Transfer Screening 11
4.10 Additional Controls 12
5. Partner Due Diligence & Oversight 12
6. Procedures and Guidance 12
7. New Product Launches 13
8. Risk Assessment 13
9. Testing & Monitoring 13
10. Issue Management 13
11. Training 14
12. Document Management 14
12.1 Document Owner 14
12.2 Review and Approval 14
13. Exceptions 14
14. Record Retention 14
15. Related Documents 14
16. Revision and Approval History 15
17. Document Details 16
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 3

Definitions
Terminology Definition
Applicable Sanctions Bodies responsible for administering, implementing, and enforcing
Administrators sanctions within their jurisdiction.
Applicable Sanctions Administrators are those in the jurisdictions in
which Block operates, include, but are not limited to: OFAC, United
Nations, His Majesty’s Treasury, European Union, Bermuda, Canada
Special Economic Measures, and Australia Department of Foreign
Trade and Affairs.
BadActors Internal data aggregator service that supports regulatory and
contractually required screens on all of Block’s customers. It is owned
by the Foundational Compliance Engineering and Technology Team.
Blocked Property Accounts, funds, or other economic resources that must be frozen in
accordance with regulatory requirements.
Chainalysis Third party vendor that provides a blockchain data analytics software
platform that powers cryptocurrency investigations and compliance.
Computer Services, Inc. Secondary screening vendor.
(“CSI”)
Customer Parties with direct relationships with Block who use financial
products/services offered by Block.
Economic Sanctions Term used to describe policy tools used by national governments and
international and regional bodies to deter or change behavior and
advance policy goals.
Elliptic Third party vendor that provides a blockchain data analytics software
platform that powers cryptocurrency investigations and compliance.
Issue An Issue is defined as a deficiency gap, or weakness in the design,
performance, or operating effectiveness.
TRM Labs Third party vendor that provides a blockchain data analytics software
platform that powers cryptocurrency investigations and compliance.
LexisNexis Primary screening vendor who manages sanctions watchlists and
leverages Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) matching logic.
This includes World Compliance and World Compliance Plus.
Lightning Network “Layer 2" payment protocol built on the Bitcoin blockchain intended to
enable fast transactions among participating nodes (independently run
members of the network)
Notary Internal case management system.
Office of Foreign Assets OFAC is an agency of the US Treasury Department that administers
Control (“OFAC”) and enforces economic sanctions in support of US national security
and foreign policy objectives.
On-chain Transactions Deposits or withdrawals that settle on the bitcoin blockchain.
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 4

Regulator Internal case management system.
Sanctioned party General term used to refer to individuals or entities that are subject to
economic sanctions.
Staff Members (“Staff”) Refer to all employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who
support the operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Program,
and include interns, temporary workers, consultants, vendors,
third-party providers, and contractors.
Travel Rule Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”) regulation that requires financial institutions
to pass on certain information to the next financial institution, in
certain funds transmittals ($3k or more) involving more than one
financial institution/Virtual Asset Service Providers.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Sanctions Compliance Triages Sanctions alerts, investigates potential matches and escalates
Specialist alerts that are not able to be cleared as false positives.
Sanctions Quality Control Conducts review of Customer and transaction screening and writes
Analyst monthly Quality Control (“QC”) reports. Meets with analysts
periodically to review cases and identify room for improvement and
discuss disagreements in decision making.
Cash Sanctions Program Responsible for maintaining the health of sanctions controls and
Manager monitoring, updating program documents, providing regulatory
advisory guidance to Cash App compliance and product teams, and
escalating issues.
Cash Operations Program Responsible for implementing and maintaining the operational
Manager elements required for the program. Examples include but are not
limited to monitoring queue logic/builds, case/alert design, and
improving efficiencies in investigations.
Sanctions Compliance Responsible for managing sanctions daily operations (ensuring SLAs
Operations Lead are maintained and that sanctions matters are escalated to leadership),
maintaining Cash App sanctions procedures, approving program
revision documents, reviewing and approving monthly QC reports,as
well as any program remediation.
Global Head of Sanctions The Global Head of Sanctions is responsible for oversight and
day-to-day operation of the Block Global Sanctions compliance
programs, including:
● Providing updates on the health and status of the global
sanctions compliance program to senior management
● Setting Policy Requirements
● Approving sanctions screening configurations; and
● Approving policy exceptions
Block Global Sanctions The Global Sanctions Team is responsible for:
Team
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 5

● Updating and maintaining sanctions policy related
documentation;
● Performing biweekly list validation reviews;
● Performing annual watchlist sufficiency reviews;
● Reviewing and advising on escalations from Businesses;
● Reviewing new products and recommending controls;
● Providing quarterly training to the Business Sanctions Teams;
● Providing operational support where not otherwise available;
● Sanctions regulatory reporting; and
● Facilitating the Sanctions Governance Forum.
Cash App Investing Coordinates with DriveWealth Compliance Team to initiate the blocking
Compliance Team of securities and notifies Global Sanctions Team once securities have
been blocked.
Country Compliance Lead Reviews escalations from the Sanctions Compliance Lead, where
applicable. Works with the Global Sanctions Team to confirm actions
to be taken when a true positive match or prohibited activity is
identified, if applicable.
Cash Compliance Lead Responsible for reviewing and approving any changes to the Cash
Sanctions Program.
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 6

1. Introduction
Block, Inc., including its subsidiaries (herein referred to as “Block” or “Company”), has an obligation to ensure
it is operating in accordance with the economic Sanctions laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which it
operates, including those administered by applicable Sanctions Administrators. Economic Sanctions is a
broad term describing a foreign policy toolbox used to coerce, constrain, and signal bad behavior.
Governments enact a myriad of Sanctions regimes through individual asset freezes, travel bans, export and
import restrictions, financial prohibitions, and technical assistance prohibitions. Although the requirements
of each Sanctions-related regulatory program is unique, regulations generally prohibit transacting with any
embargoed or Sanctioned jurisdiction, individual, group, or entity.
This Program is established by Cash App (herein referred to as “Cash”) and is applicable to Cash App Staff.
2. Purpose
In accordance with Block’s Global Sanctions Compliance Policy, Cash’s Sanctions Compliance Program
(“Program”) has been established to detect and prevent prohibited individuals and entities from establishing
an account with Cash and to timely identify, action, and escalate to Block Global Sanctions Team for
reporting to relevant regulatory agencies (where required) prohibited dealings with Sanctioned parties or
jurisdictions.
3. Scope
All Cash Compliance personnel should be knowledgeable in Program content and are responsible for
compliance with this Program in their related business activities. Cash Staff should have access to policies
that affect their jobs and understand their responsibilities to perform their work in an ethical and legally
compliant manner.
Businesses engaged in the development of new products and services, whether resulting from internal
product development or merger and acquisition activities, must consider this Program. It is recommended
that business leads engage with the Sanctions Program Managers to understand Program applicability and
requirements.
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 7

4. Standard Requirements
An effective Sanctions compliance program requires collaboration between the business and compliance,
with product controls implemented to prevent activities from Sanctioned countries and additional
compliance controls to detect and monitor for activities that may have a potential Sanctions nexus.
4.1 Product Controls
The business implements multiple upfront controls during the account creation process to ensure adherence
to the Cash App Terms of Service1 and regulatory requirements. These controls also bolster Sanctions
compliance and have a direct impact on the Sanctions program. The controls include:
Geolocation Controls2:
● IP Address Blocking: The Block ecosystem implements IP address blocking for Sanctioned
countries at the edge of the Block network, leveraging an IP data intelligence vendor to identify
Sanctioned IP addresses and block access requests to the Block ecosystem. Additional blocking
based on IP address occurs at other points in the Cash network3 and risk evaluations performed
during account creation will block account creation if the IP address is associated with a country
in which Cash does not do business.
● Mobile Device Restrictions: Mobile device data (SIM cards) evaluations are used to prevent
access to the platform based on the SIM card information available in the device request to
access Cash. Additional risk rules also prevent account creation and login activity if the device
SIM card is associated with a Sanctioned country. During account creation, a Customer is eligible
to create an account by registering and verifying a phone number. Cash does not accept phone
numbers with country codes located in Sanctioned countries as well as blocking Voice over
Internet Protocol (“VOIPs”)4 and emulators commonly used as a synthetic phone number.
● Customer Address: During Customer onboarding, Customers will be asked to provide an
address and postal code. Only postal codes that are valid in the areas Cash does business are
accepted.
● Email Address: When linking an email address to an account, email addresses with a top-level
domain from a Sanctioned country are not accepted.
● Instrument Linking: In order to add money to a Cash account, a Customer must link a financial
instrument. The country code associated with a Customer’s instrument used during a link attempt
1 Cash App Terms of Service
2 The blocked countries for IP and SIM include Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Syria, Russia, Ukraine, and Sudan
3 Different datacenter edges exist where IP blocking also exists using IP intelligence data
4 Voice-over Internet Protocol phone
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 8

must match the region of the Customer (determined by Customer phone number, IP
address/device location).
Additional Controls:
● Legal Name Collection: When an account is created, Customers are asked for their full legal
name. This legal name provides better quality data to be used in Cash’s Sanctions compliance
processes.
● Profile Restrictions: While Cash does collect a legal name during the account creation process,
Customers are allowed the opportunity to choose a name for the profile. To help enforce
adherence to terms of service, certain terms and names are prohibited from use as a display
name. These display names include display names that are likely to be impersonating deceased
or well-known Sanctioned individuals/entities.
4.2 Sanctions Screening
Sanctions screening helps Block detect, prevent, and mitigate Sanctions risk. Block takes a risk-based
approach to Sanctions screening. Cash implements Screening controls in a manner commensurate with the
inherent risk of the particular product/service offerings.
4.3 Customer Screening
Sanctions screening occurs at new account setup5 , following successful identity verification (IDV) (with the
provision of a full legal name) or their business6, and when the recipient7 information is collected for an
international money remittance.
Cash’s Customer screening is conducted on an automated basis via the internal data aggregation service,
BadActors, which integrates with Block’s third party screening vendor8 LexisNexis. Pursuant to Block’s
Global Sanctions Policy, initial screening occurs within 24 hours of the Customer onboarding, and
re-screening occurs at least every 24 hours thereafter9 . Cash Customers who alert as a potential match
during this screening have a transacting restriction placed on the account until a false positive10
determination has been made. The Global Sanctions team makes the ultimate determination on whether
5 Screening trigger based on legal name collection during account setup is agnostic to account type; includes restricted and teen
accounts
6 Individual information and business information (name, address, dba, etc) are screened for business accounts
7 Recipients of international money remittances do not have a Cash App account
8 CSI Watchdog is a screening vendor leveraged as a fallback and for ad hoc screen requests
9 Although re-screening occurs at least every 24 hours, an alert may not be generated upon subsequent screens if a customer has
been added to the accept list.
10 Confirmed false positives are added to an accept list to prevent future alerting against the same potential match
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 9

regulatory reporting/asset blocking is required as a result of Customer screening. Any exceptions that do
not meet the minimal standards outlined for the relevant jurisdiction must be documented and approved by
the Head of Global Sanctions.
4.4 Employee Screening
Block mandates all Cash Staff11 must undergo Sanctions screening prior to the commencement of their
employment with Block12. Additionally, all Block Staff are subject to a monthly Sanctions compliance review
throughout the course of their employment with Block. Appropriate actions, including termination, are taken
if any true Sanctions matches are identified.
4.5 External Workforce Screening
External workers must clear background checks in their country of hire before they begin working or receive
access to Block systems, buildings or information13.
In addition, external workers are subject to a monthly Sanctions compliance review throughout the course of
their employment with Block. Appropriate actions, including termination, are taken if any true Sanctions
matches are identified.
4.6 Vendor Screening
Block mandates all vendors must undergo Sanctions screening prior to the outset of the vendor’s
engagement with Block. In addition, vendors must be subject to ongoing Sanctions screening on a monthly
basis throughout the engagement with Block until the time they are offboarded or terminated. Appropriate
actions, including termination of the contract with the vendors, are taken if the screening reveals any true
Sanctions hits. This also applies to Cash’s vendor relationships.
4.7 Beneficial Owner Screening
During the onboarding of Cash Business accounts, beneficial owners are subject to Sanctions screening.
Beneficial owners can be the individual creating the business account for sole proprietorships and single
member LLCs, or individuals with ownership or control for non-profit organizations (“NPOs”) who are
identified as part of an enhanced due diligence (“EDD”) review.
11 Also includes interns and contractor conversions
12 All Block temporary workers must clear a background check before receiving access to Block information
13 Background checks are not required for independent contractors when independent contractors do not receive Block systems access,
or IT equipment
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 10

4.8 Transaction Screening
In addition to the screening of Customer information, Cash also screens at the transaction14 level for a
potential Sanctions nexus. Transactions that include a ‘memo line’15 or equivalent fields are subject to
keyword screening. The Global Sanctions team makes final determination as to whether regulatory
reporting/asset blocking is required. Exceptions to memo line screening of transactions must be
documented and approved by the Head of Global Sanctions.
Peer-to-Peer Screening
For peer-to-peer (“P2P”) transactions, the Customer has the option to provide a description of the
transaction. This field is screened against a list of keywords that indicate a potential Sanctions nexus. Cash
uses internal tools to screen both Fiat and Bitcoin Lightning transactions against this list and any matches
will result in alerts that require further review. Depending on the risk, Cash screens these transactions either
in real-time (before the transaction is completed), or after the transaction has been completed. Fiat P2P
transactions that fail for non-sanctions reasons are also screened against the Sanctions keyword list..
Customers with transactions that have been identified as prohibited during P2P screening16, can be subject
to additional monitoring via periodic reviews.
4.9 Bitcoin Transfer Screening
Cash Customers have the ability to send or receive Bitcoin from wallet addresses outside of the Block
ecosystem. To screen these transfers, Cash leverages multiple blockchain analytics vendors17 as well as an
internal list of wallet addresses to identify if there is a Sanctions nexus via automated screening. Cash’s
internal risk evaluation system performs a real time analysis and will prevent the completion of these
transfers and alert for review if a Sanctions related risk label is identified.
Chainalysis is additionally used to monitor transfers on a continuous basis and generate alerts after the
transfer has occurred to monitor and manage Sanctions risk since blockchain analytics can identify
additional wallet addresses under control of Sanctioned entities after a transfer has occurred.
14 Keyword screening of transactions applies to fiat P2P, BTC Lightning Network, Remote Check Deposit, International Money
Remittances
15 Internally, the memo line is referred to as an initiator note
16 The Sanctions Operations Team has discretion to denylist customer accounts for a prohibited transaction. If deemed necessary, the
customer account can be denylisted after identification of a single prohibited transaction, or repeated prohibited transactions.
17 Vendors include TRM Labs, Chainalysis, and Elliptic (in the process of deprecating this vendor)
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 11

To comply with the Travel Rule, Cash App will receive identifying information of counterparties beyond wallet
address for bitcoin transactions with Virtual Asset Service Providers (“VASP”) that are valued over $3,000.
This identifying information is also Sanction screened.
4.10 Additional Controls
Block implements enterprise-wide internal controls to prevent the use of Block products and services in
Sanctioned countries/territories or by Sanctioned parties, and third party partners Cash has a relationship
with also supplement Cash’s controls by performing their own Sanctions checks. A more comprehensive list
of Cash controls can be found in Cash App’s Controls Library.
5. Partner Due Diligence & Oversight
In some instances, Cash may need to rely, or make business decisions to rely upon controls implemented and
maintained by an entity in which Cash (or Block) maintains a third-party partner relationship. Block develops
and maintains partner due diligence standards to review and provide oversight to partners’ Sanctions
compliance practices to ensure the practices satisfy the Sanctions standards and Block Global Sanctions
Policy. Additionally, Cash will consult the Block Global Sanctions team in the event that a decision needs to
be made to rely on controls implemented by a third-party partner.
6. Procedures and Guidance
The Cash Customer Onboarding Management (“COM”) Sanctions Operations Team is responsible for
maintaining the Sanctions Standard Operating Procedure (“SOP”). The SOP must, at a minimum, detail the
following:
● The information needed to determine whether there is a potential match;
● The steps to take if additional information is needed in order to determine whether there is a
potential match;
● The escalation path and process for complex or challenging cases; and
● The escalation path and process for confirmed true positive matches, including escalation to
the Global Sanctions Team and in-country Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”), or Cash App
Investing Compliance; where applicable.
Cash COM Sanctions Operations Team is also responsible for maintaining User Guides that outline the
specific steps for performing their day-to-day functions, including how to view and action alerts.
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 12

7. New Product Launches
The Cash Sanctions Program Manager is responsible for providing an advisory function as well as engaging
the Global Sanctions Team on new product launches, including the launch of existing products into new
geographies. The Global Sanctions Team is responsible for providing guidance on the enterprise-wide
Sanctions controls that are required in order to proceed with a new product launch. The Global Sanctions
Team will also provide support/guidance to the Cash Sanctions Team when dealing with Cash specific
controls.
8. Risk Assessment
Block’s Global Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) and Sanctions Risk Assessments are completed annually by
the Compliance Governance Team with input/feedback from the Global Sanctions Risk Manager and Cash
Sanctions Team. The risk assessments are reviewed and approved by the Block CCO or applicable in-country
CCO. Risk assessments may also occur off-cycle as a result of international expansion, the introduction of
new products or services, material changes to existing products or services, or new or material changes to
regulatory requirements. Further detail can be found in the Global AML and Sanctions Risk Assessment
Framework.
9. Testing & Monitoring
Compliance controls are monitored and tested by Cash Compliance. Identified issues are tracked and
reported to Management.
Block’s Internal Audit Team also conducts independent periodic risk-based assessments on the overall
adequacy and effectiveness of Cash’s Sanctions Compliance Program. This includes testing of applicable
controls and program requirements of relevant regulations, policy, and supporting procedures.
10. Issue Management
Sanctions Issues are managed in accordance with Block’s Issue Management Standard. The Block Global
Head of Sanctions serves as the Issue Approver for all self-identified Cash Sanctions issues. In the event an
Issue has a sanctions touchpoint but the Global Head of Sanctions has not been identified as the Issue
Approver, the Global Head of Sanctions must be added as an additional stakeholder to be informed.
Please refer to Block’s Issue Management Standard for more information.
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 13

11. Training
All full-time Block employees and contractors receive BSA/AML and OFAC training at least once per
calendar year.
Upon onboarding newly hired Sanctions Operations Analysts are provided role specific training relating to
alert review and proper manager escalations as outlined in the Sanctions SOPs. Ongoing training
requirements are set by the Business Unit Sanctions Lead and may be deemed necessary based on
performance, changes to processes, or the implementation of new processes or products. The Global
Sanctions Team may also request and/or provide additional training as a result of new or amended Sanctions
regulations.
12. Document Management
12.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Cash Sanctions Program Manager or their designee.
12.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
13. Exceptions
Exceptions to the requirements, strategies, or procedures established by this document must be
pre-approved by the Cash Sanctions Program Manager, COM Lead, or their designee.
14. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
15. Related Documents
Related Policy Global Sanctions Compliance Policy
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 14

Related Policy Cash Know your Customer Policy
Related Programs Global SanctionsCompliance Program
Related Programs Bitcoin Travel Rule Program
Related Programs Cash Know your Customer Program
Related Programs Cash Know your Business Standard
Related Programs Identity Verification Standard
Related Procedure Sanctions Standard Operating Procedure
Other Cash Sanctions Internal Controls and Monitoring Playbook
Other Sanctions Keyword List
16. Revision and Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Sanctions Discovery and
Harrison Fink Creation October 8, 2022
Program Manager Draft
Adrian Gardner Cash COM Lead Scheduled Review May 3, 2023
Adrian Gardner Cash COM Lead Initial Approval May 3, 2023
Sanctions Material Change Addition to reflect
Harrison Fink March 12,2024
Program Manager Approval program changes
Program Manager
Anjali Khullar Scheduled Review April 2, 2024
Lead
Sanctions Addition of new
Program Manager product, controls,
Material Change Testing/Monitorin
Harrison Fink April 11, 2024
Approval g, and detail
surrounding
action/response
Addition of
footnote providing
Immaterial
Harrison Fink definitions and April 17, 2024
Change Approval
hyperlinks to
referenced docs
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 15

Material Change
Anjali Khullar April 23, 2024
Approval
Cash COM Lead Immaterial
Adrian Gardner April 19, 2024
Change Approval
Cash Sanctions Scheduled R… Addition of new
Harrison Fink May 2, 2025
Program Manager controls and
sections for issue
Cash COM Lead Scheduled R… management,
partner oversight,
and external
workforce;
Removal of
references to
Adrian Gardner May 6, 2025
deprecated
products, the
appendix, and
sections owned by
the operations
team.
17. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Anti-Financial Crimes
Document Owner Cash Sanctions Program Manager
Last Approval Date May 6, 2025
Effective Date May 6, 2025
Approved By Customer Onboarding and Management Lead
Document Review Schedule Annually [May 2026]
Cash App Sanctions Compliance Standard | Cash App 16