Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism
Financing Risk Awareness Training Program
Square | Square AU Pty Ltd
Last Approved: Mar 26, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 26, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: The Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing
AML/CTF Risk Awareness Training Program (the “Programˮ) is a mandated part of Square AU Pty
Ltdʼs (“Square AUˮ) AML/CTF Program , as required by AUSTRAC under the AML/CTF Act. It is
central to Square AUʼs effort to protect its business from being used to facilitate money laundering,
terrorism financing and proliferation financing (“PFˮ).
The purpose of this Program is to equip Employees with the necessary knowledge and
understanding to effectively identify and manage risks associated with money laundering,
terrorism financing and proliferation financing.
Scope: This Program is established by Square AU and applicable to the Square AU products
through which Square AU provides Designated Services defined under the AML/CTF Act, as
specified in the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Program. This Program is
managed and maintained by the Square AU Compliance team and sets out the approach to design
and execute Square AUʼs AML/CTF Risk Awareness Training Program. The Square AU Compliance
Team and the Block Compliance Training Team collectively administrate the AML/CTF Risk
Awareness Training Program, and ensure timely completion and tracking of the training.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Anti-Money A set of regulatory rules and investigative techniques aimed at preventing
Laundering and combating various illegal activities related to the financial system
(“AMLˮ)
1

Counter - A set of regulatory rules and investigative techniques designed to detect,
Terrorism prevent and disrupt the flow of funds of terrorist organisations and activities.
Financing
(“CTFˮ)
Proliferation The act of providing funds or financial services used, in whole or in part, for
Financing (“PFˮ) the manufacture, acquisition, possession, development, export,
trans-shipment, brokering, transport, transfer, stockpiling or use of nuclear,
chemical or biological weapons and their means of delivery.
The Anti-Money As part of its broader regulatory compliance obligations, Square AU Pty Ltd
Laundering and (“Square AUˮ) is required to comply with the Anti-Money Laundering and
Counter-Terroris Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 Cth, as amended from time to time.
m Financing Act The AML/CTF Act is designed to deter, detect and disrupt Money Laundering
2006 (“AML/CTF (“MLˮ) and Terrorism Financing (“TFˮ).
Actˮ)
AUSTRAC The Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (“AUSTRACˮ)
performs a dual role as AML and CTF regulator and financial intelligence unit.
Employees (also Means an individual who is directly employed by Square AU under a contract
referred as Staff) of employment (whether full-time, part-time, or casual), and who performs
duties for or on behalf of Square AU.
Personnel Means any individual employed or otherwise engaged by Square AU,
including persons deployed, seconded, contracted or supplied through an
Outsourced Service Provider, who perform or will perform functions
relevant to Square AUʼs obligations under the AML/CTF Act.
Service Level Defines the expected review period for cases and other responsibilities of
Agreements the Compliance Australia Analysts working on alerts.
(“SLAˮ)
2. Program Requirements
2.1. Overview
The AML/CTF Risk Awareness Training program provides training at appropriate intervals, tailored to
the specific ML/TF risks faced by Square AU, and is updated regularly to incorporate current
obligations and regulatory changes. It is also tailored to Square AUʼs product offerings.
Training is risk-based, role-specific and proportionate to the level of ML/TF/PF exposure associated
with the Employeeʼs role.
The Program is reviewed at least annually and updated to reflect:
● Legislative amendments
● AML/CTF Rule changes
2

● AUSTRAC regulatory guidance
● Internal risk assessment updates
● Emerging ML/TF/PF typologies
● Enforcement outcomes and regulatory expectations
Specifically, the Program aims to help Employees to understand:
● What is money laundering, terrorism financing and proliferation financing risks and
obligations ;
● Politically Exposed Person PEP requirements and enhanced customer due diligence
ECDD triggers;
● Tipping-off prohibitions under the AML/CTF Act;
● Suspicious Matter Reporting SMR obligations;
● Regulatory regimes in Australia, including AML/CTF and Sanctions;
● Designated Services Square provides;
● Key elements of the AML/CTF Program;
● Square AUʼs obligations under the AML/CTF Act and Rules;
● Consequences of non-compliance;
● Type of ML/TF Risks that Square AU might face and the potential consequences of those
risks;
● Square AUʼs AML/CTF policies and procedures; and
● Processes and procedures that are relevant to an employeeʼs responsibility for AML/CTF
compliance.
The Program comprises three key components to create a comprehensive learning approach that
caters to different employee levels.
2.2. Enterprise-Wide Mandatory Compliance Training
This foundational component of the Program ensures that all Employees, regardless of their roles,
receive comprehensive AML/CTF training.
The enterprise-wide mandatory compliance training is administered through Blockʼs Learning
Management System (“LMSˮ), supported by the Block Compliance Training Team.
The training content is tailored to reflect Square AUʼs designated services, ML/TF/PF risk
assessment outcomes, and relevant obligations applicable.
2.2.1. Initial AML/CTF Risk Awareness Training
An initial AML/CTF risk awareness training is administered by the Block Compliance Training Team.
Key aspects of this initial training are listed below:
3

● It is delivered online to all new employees, including full time Employees, interns and
contractors;
● It is Intended to provide a general introduction and exploration of Square AUʼs AML/CTF
obligation and legislative requirements; and
● It must be completed within 30 calendar days of the employeeʼs start date.
2.2.2. Periodic AML/CTF Risk Awareness Training Session
Periodic AML/CTF risk awareness training is delivered annually online to all existing Block full time
Employees, interns and contractors.
2.2.3. Training Records of the Enterprise-wide Mandatory Compliance Training
Training records of the enterprise-wide mandatory compliance training are maintained and stored in
accordance with Blockʼs record retention standards.
Training records include:
● Training content, including versions of training material;
● Records of training completion from LMS; and
● Where applicable, records of training assessment and corresponding results.
● Records are stored within the LMS and secured shared drives managed by the Block
Compliance Training Team.
Prior to 2018 and to the implementation of online learning and LMS, the general training was
delivered by the Square AU CCO in-person with completion acknowledged by trainees and recorded
in a centralised register electronically. These records are still retained for at least 7 years.
2.3. Targeted Training for Senior Manager and AMLCO
In addition to enterprise-wide mandatory AML/CTF training, the appointed Senior Manager and
AMLCO must undertake enhanced, role-specific AML/CTF training commensurate with their
statutory accountability and oversight obligations.
Training may be delivered through a range of methods appropriate to the role, including industry
seminars, regulatory briefings, professional certifications, workshops, or other targeted learning
formats.
Training must be completed upon appointment to the role and refreshed periodically, including
following material legislative or regulatory change.
2.4. Board of Directors AML/CTF Training Session
4

The Board of Directors plays a crucial role in overseeing the companyʼs AML/CTF Program. Specific
AML/CTF training sessions are provided to the Board to enhance their understanding of their
obligation under the AML/CTF Act.
The Board of Directors AML/CTF training session is:
● Delivered in-person by the Square AU CCO or their delegates to the Board of Directors of
Square AU;
● Delivered annually in one board meeting;
● Intended to help each board member to understand the regulatory requirements and
ramifications of non-compliance; and
● Tracked for completion in board meeting minutes.
Additional training may be provided as needed, considering changes in AML/CTF regulations, at the
discretion of the Square AU CCO. The completion is tracked electronically in the board meeting
minutes and retained for at least 7 years.
2.5. Compliance Operational Training Program
Beyond Blockʼs Enterprise-wide Mandatory Compliance Training, Square AU administers an
additional training program tailored specifically for its Compliance team, ensuring team members
have the knowledge and capability required to effectively perform their AML/CTF responsibilities.
The program is delivered to new employees and those transferring into the Square AU Compliance
Team, providing enhanced guidelines and procedures on AML/CTF compliance required for
day-to-day functions. Further detail can be found in Square AU Compliance Operational Procedure.
Key elements of Compliance Operational Training includes:
● New Hire Training: Provides an introduction to compliance responsibilities, systems, tools
and procedures, to ensure personnel understand their AML/CTF obligations and are
prepared for their roles
● Role-Specific and Ongoing Training: Training is tailored to the nature of the role and
responsibilities and is commensurate with the ML/TF/PF risks associated with the functions
they perform. This includes shadow sessions and group training and workshops to
address emerging topics and knowledge gaps.
● Where personnel perform Square AU-related functions on a temporary or incidental basis
(for example, to provide short-term coverage), targeted on-the-job training may be
provided, where appropriate having regard to the nature, duration and ML/TF/PF risk
associated with those functions and the responsibilities being performed.
● Performance Feedback: Regular assessments and feedback are provided by the Square
Quality Assurance Team and/or Square AU Compliance Operations Lead to ensure the
ongoing capability and effectiveness of Square AU Compliance Analysts.
5

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Square Australia AU Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ Acts as the designated Senior Manager for approvals required under the AML and
CTF Act and Rules, including approving the AML & CTF Risk Awareness Training
Program and any material updates to it.
● Square AU Regulatory Program Manager:
○ Acts as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to oversee and coordinate the operational
functions of the AML & CTF Risk Awareness Training Program in compliance with
local regulatory requirements, ensures that all due diligence processes, including
onboarding, screening, and ongoing checks, are implemented effectively and
consistently, and is responsible for reporting.
● Square AU Compliance Operations Lead:
○ Responsible for managing the operational team responsible for reviewing
compliance alerts; provides guidance, training and acts as an escalation point in
addition to managing SLAs.
● Square AUʼs Board (“the Boardˮ):
○ Responsible for providing governance and oversight by ensuring Square AU
implements an effective AML/CTF program, manages risks, and complies with
reporting obligations.
● Block Compliance Training Team:
○ Responsible for managing Blockʼs Compliance Training Program and is responsible
for managing the mandatory enterprise-wide training.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Program Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
6

The effectiveness of the AML/CTF Risk Awareness Training Program is subject to periodic review,
including consideration of:
● Completion rates
● Assessment outcomes
● Audit findings
● Regulatory feedback
● Incident trends
● Control testing outcomes
The review must also consider alignment with Square AUʼs ML/TF/PF Risk Assessment and
Personnel Due Diligence framework to ensure training remains risk-based and proportionate to
identified role exposures.
Material deficiencies identified must be escalated to the Senior Manager and remediated promptly.
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Program Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
No exception may be granted where it would result in non-compliance with the AML/CTF Act or
AML/CTF Rules.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Program, please contact the Program Owner.
Review related documents:
7

● Block | Compliance Training Program Standards
● Square | Employee and Personnel Due Diligence Program
● Square | Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Financing Program
● AU Compliance Training Procedure
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Ryan Jones Compliance Creation August 4, 2016
Officer
Ben Gray Chief Compliance Scheduled R… Updated training November 19,
Officer program elements 2018
and designated
individuals/teams.
Updated delivery
channel of
training. Updated
tracking.
Ying Li Square AU Scheduled R… Immaterial April 27, 2020
Compliance Lead formatting
changes.
Lance Howard Square AU Scheduled R… April 2021
Compliance Lead
Lance Howard Square AU Scheduled R… April 2022
Compliance Lead
Sydney Nam Block Policy Immaterial C… Migrated December 20,
Governance document to new 2022
Coordinator template and
made immaterial
edits to
document.
Lance Howard Square AU Immaterial C… January 5, 2023
Compliance Lead
8

Sydney Nam Block Policy Immaterial C… Updated template October 16, 2023
Governance
Coordinator
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Annual review of November 21,
Compliance document 2023
Program Manager
Lance Howard Square AU Immaterial C… Annual Review of January 10, 2024
Compliance Lead the Document
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Combining January 5, 2024
Compliance Compliance
Program Manager Operational
Training Program
into Risk
Awareness
Training Program
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Annual Review of Dec 6, 2024
Compliance the Document
Program Manager ● Minor update
of
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Scheduled R… Compliance Dec 11, 2024
Operational
Training
program and
combined
with On the
Job Training
● Minor update
of Enhanced
Training for
High-Risk-Gro
up according
to the update
made to
Employee Due
Diligence
Program
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled R… Annual Review of March 20, 2026
Regulatory the Document
Program Manager and AML/CTF
Reforms
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Scheduled R… ● Updates to March 26, 2026
the Risk
Awareness
Training
Program to
reflect
AML/CTF
9

reforms
● Refinement of
role-based
training
requirements
and
clarification of
training
obligations for
personnel
● Updates to
training
monitoring
and record -
keeping
requirements
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional AU
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Square AU Regulatory Program Manager
Approved By Square AU CCO
Document Tier Tier 3
10