Identity Verification Standard
Cash App US
Last Approved: Dec 15, 2025
Effective Date: Dec 15, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Identity Verification Standard (“Standardˮ) is established by Cash
App, and is applicable to the Cash App business in the United States.
This Standard is designed to define Cash Appʼs strategy to obtain and verify a customerʼs identity.
Identity Verification (“IDVˮ) is a process that allows Cash App to maintain compliance with its Know
Your Customer (“KYCˮ) Policy, which establishes Cash Appʼs requirements for complying with
applicable laws, regulation, and guidelines to monitor, detect, and prevent identity theft, money
laundering, terrorist financing, and other types of illegal or illicit activity.
In order to protect customers, prevent identity theft, and combat other fraud risk, Cash App should
not allow the continued use of a Cash App account if there are concerns related to the authenticity
of the identity submitted during the IDV process. Concerns around authenticity may include but are
not limited to: synthetic identities, the fraudulent use of another personʼs identity, and use of
fraudulent, forged, or inauthentic documents. If these red flags are identified after onboarding and
verification, the account should be handled with the appropriate corresponding adverse action.
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of
this Standard is to document Cash Appʼs strategy to ensure adherence to laws and regulations as
outlined in the Cash App KYC Policy.
Scope: This Standard is established by Cash App and is applicable to all subsidiaries used for the
Cash App business, or Cash App subsidiary in the United States.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Electronic Identity Verification Customer submitted information is checked against data
(“eIDVˮ) sources in a waterfall method of third party eIDV vendors to
determine if the identity information collected can be verified

Document Identity Verification dIDV involves the collection of a government-issued picture
(“dIDVˮ) ID and live selfie that is compared to: 1 the likeness of the
selfie to the picture ID to ensure it is the same individual; and
2 the submitted eIDV information to ensure it is the same
individual.
Business Identity bIDV involves the collection and verification of customer
Verification (“bIDVˮ) business information to comply with Know Your Business
guidelines and onboard the platform
Merchant Category Code A code assigned to businesses during the Know your
(“MCCˮ) Business (“KYBˮ) process, serving as a basis for evaluating
customer risk. A standardized code that classifies the types
of goods and services a merchant sells and is a key piece of
info for payment processing.
Social Security Number A unique 9-digit number that identifies an individual or natural
person in the United States.
Taxpayer Identification Number
A unique 9-digit number used by the Internal Revenue
Employer Identification Number
Service in the administration of tax laws.
(“EINˮ)
A unique 9-digit federal tax ID number for businesses.
Staff Members Employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who
support the operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this
Standard, and include interns, temporary workers,
consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
2. Cash App Requirements
2.1. Cash App Account Onboarding
To sign up for a Cash App account, a prospective customer is prompted to provide:
● Legal first and last name;
● Phone number or email address;
● Date of birth;
● ZIP code1 ;
● Cash Tag;
● PIN; and
● Debit card (optional)
1 If the customer is prompted to complete IDV during account onboarding, Cash App follows its address collection method
through the IDV process and does not additionally prompt the customer for their ZIP code.

The customer is required to verify the phone number or email address through a one-time passcode
sent by Cash App.
2.2. Graduated IDV Process
Cash App verifies customersʼ identity through a combination of electronic IDV (“eIDVˮ) and
document IDV (“dIDVˮ) and maintains a risk-based, graduated approach to the IDV process.
2.3. Restricted Accounts & Unrestricted Accounts
Prior to going through IDV, a Cash App customer may maintain a “Restricted account.ˮ With a
Restricted account, a customer may send and receive peer-to-peer (“P2Pˮ) payments at lower limits,
and use Cash App Pay prior to going through IDV. Restricted accounts may send P2P and Cash App
Pay up to $1,000 and receive P2P payments up to $1,000 within any 30 day period, and up to $1,500
in their lifetime. Restricted accounts may not send money from their stored balance; payments must
be sent from and withdrawn to a linked financial instrument from a U.S. depository institution. The
$1,000 send and receive limit is aggregated by a customerʼs mobile device and linked financial
instrument.
A customer is considered to have an “Unrestricted accountˮ when the customer successfully passes
IDV. Unrestricted accounts may send money from their stored balance, have access to a broader set
of products and features, and have higher transaction limits compared to Restricted accounts.
2.4. Electronic Identity Verification
2.4.1 Customer Information Obtained
As part of the eIDV process, Cash App obtains the following identification information:
● Legal first and last name;
● Date of Birth (“DOBˮ);
● Social Security Number (“SSNˮ) or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (“ITINˮ); and
● Address
Cash App may also obtain a photo of an accepted, unexpired government issued ID, as well as a
selfie in cases where the customerʼs identity is not verifiable through electronic methods, or when
required to use certain Cash App features (e.g., Bitcoin deposits and withdrawals or wires).
2.4.2 Waterfall Method with Third Party Vendors
To support its eIDV process, Cash App deploys a waterfall methodology using four vendors. This
process compares the customerʼs personal information collected in-app (legal name, DOB, SSN or
ITIN with data provided by Cash Appʼs vendors: IDology, Transunion (“TLOˮ)2, LexisNexis, and
Socure (including the use of the Social Security Administrationʼs (“SSAˮ) data source, Electronic
2 TLO does not support ITINs. For TIN attempts where the last-4 digits are provided, all vendors are called. However, for full-9
digit attempts, in which validation confirms an ITIN, TLO is skipped in the waterfall.

Consent Based Social Security Number Verification (“eCBSVˮ). These vendors aggregate customer
information records from public and proprietary records across sources such as credit bureaus,
telecom customer data, and higher education institutions, with exception of the eCBSV which is
completed via a call to the SSA by way of Socure. This process consists of determining a canonical
set of verified data about a customer based on a hierarchy of vendors. Cash App does not mix and
match responses from multiple vendors to complete verification. A match is determined by
leveraging the data provided by the vendor to determine if the information provided matches a
record.
2.4.3 Strategy for Risk Mitigation and Controls
Cash App has developed processes and controls to manage the risk associated with fraud, identity
theft, and other illicit activity through the design of the eIDV process.
1. Vendor Verification - Cash App maintains a set of rules and configurations with its
third-party vendors, which are designed to ensure Cash App adequately manages the risk
of fraud, identity theft and other illicit activity through its eIDV process. The following
scenarios result in a customer failing eIDV based on the information collected from the
customer, and are ineligible for dIDV, but may maintain a Restricted account:
● SSN or ITIN matched to a deceased identity - If the SSN or ITIN matches a
deceased identity on a last 4 SSN or ITIN attempt, along with the Name and DOB,
the account and the full 9 SSN or ITIN are denylisted. If the SSN or ITIN matches
with a deceased identity on a full 9 SSN or ITIN attempt, the account is denylisted
(along with the SSN even if the name and DOB do not match. This restriction is
appealable by the customer.
● SSN or ITIN mismatch - vendor match on legal name and DOB but mismatch on full
9 SSN or ITIN.
Any of the following will result in automatic failure of eIDV, and the customer may be eligible for dIDV,
if they do not attempt or cannot pass dIDV, they may maintain a Restricted account:
● Vendor match on legal name and SSN or ITIN, but mismatch on DOB3;
● Vendor match on DOB and SSN or ITIN, but mismatch on name; or
● Customer inputs a valid SSN or ITIN that is not associated with a vendor
maintained identity.
2. Internal IDV Rules and Configurations - Cash App maintains a set of internal rules and
configurations that operate in addition to the vendor verification process. These rules and
configurations are applied post-vendor approval, which allows Cash App to override the
external vendor approval and deny the customer verification if needed. For example:
a. Collected age is less than 18 or greater than 13
b. SSN or ITIN not valid - SSN or ITIN, a sequence of 4 or 9 digits, is not invalid
(e.g.,111111111,
3 In this case, if the customer does not pass the SSA check, they will not be eligible for dIDV.

c. SSN Denylist
3. Vendor Validation - Cash Appʼs third-party identity verification vendors return response
codes and raw data to Cash App. The codes and the raw data are ingested for comparison
of the customer provided information. Cash App conducts a synchronous validation check
of vendor response codes during identity verification by completing a check on the code
returned by the vendor, the raw data returned by the vendor, and the customer provided
information. If the synchronous check fails, meaning the response code does not match
the raw data (e.g., response code indicates an SSN or ITIN exact match, but the raw data
and customer input SSN or ITIN do not match) Cash App fails the verification and an
investigation is deployed by the Cash App Identity Verifications Engineering team. If the
validation passes, the customer is able to successfully pass IDV.
4. Identity Machine Learning Models - Cash App has a dedicated Machine Learning team
that creates and trains models and heuristics, which are designed to detect inauthentic
identities and stolen identities going through the IDV process. These internal models and
evaluations are leveraged on all eIDV attempts passed by a third-party vendor, and may
override the eIDV vendor approval. The models can either: (i) fail the eIDV attempt; or (ii)
escalate to dIDV.
5. SSN Denylist - Cash App has developed a process, such that once an SSN or ITIN is
added to the SSN Denylist, any future account attempting to go through IDV with the same
SSN or ITIN is automatically denylisted. An SSN or ITIN is typically added to the SSN
Denylist when it is associated with an account that is involved in certain illegal or illicit
activity.
6. Max Rule of 5 - Cash App only allows a customer to maintain 5 active accounts per SSN or
ITIN at a time. If a customer attempts to go through IDV with the same SSN or ITIN while
maintaining 5 active accounts:
● The 6th attempt with the same SSN or ITIN will result in the 6th account and SSN or
ITIN getting denylisted.
7. Personal Information (“PI”) Refresh - Cash App requires customers to confirm and/or
update their Legal Name and address on a defined cadence based on the customerʼs risk
rating. This refresh is applicable to customers that are verified via eIDV with an ITIN or SSN,
or via dIDV.
● Low Risk: 5 years
● Medium Risk: 3 years
● High Risk: 1 year
8. Event-Driven Refresh - Cash App has implemented event-driven identity refresh
processes to obtain updated customer information when triggered by product access
requirements or risk-based adversities requiring resolution.
9. IDV in Onboarding - Customers that present certain higher risk signals during account
onboarding are required to complete IDV during the onboarding process. Those signals

may include if the customer has a high activation customer risk rating (“aCRRˮ), is using a
VPN or has their device set to a foreign timezone. These signals are subject to change,
based on new or changes in risk exposure during onboarding.
2.5. Document Identity Verification
If a customerʼs identity is not verified through eIDV, the customer may be prompted to go through
dIDV. A customer may also be prompted to go through dIDV if they seek to use certain Cash App
features that require dIDV as a verification method (e.g., Bitcoin deposits and withdrawals or Wires).
Cash App accepts the following government-issued photo identification:
● US Passport;
● US Driverʼs License;
● US State ID; and
● US Permanent Residence Card.
2.5.1 Strategy for Risk Mitigation and Controls
1. Vendor Verification - Cash App uses a third-party vendor, Persona, to support the
execution of the dIDV process. The dIDV process is completed in-app, where the customer
is required to provide photos of their government-issued photo identification, as well as a
live selfie. The liveness check is intended to detect and prevent biometric spoofing by
comparing the selfies to the customerʼs picture on the government ID. As part of this
process, the vendor conducts validation and authenticity checks, and extracts the
barcode/MRZ data to ensure the data matches the name and DOB on the ID. Lastly, there is
a check that is done to ensure the legal name and DOB on the ID matches the information
submitted by the customer during eIDV.
2. Internal dIDV Rules & Configurations - Cash App has a dedicated Engineering team that
has created rules and policies to ensure the identity information provided during dIDV is
appropriately matched to the identity information provided during eIDV.
3. Identity Machine Learning Models - Cash App has a dedicated Machine Learning team
that creates and trains models and heuristics targeted at detecting inauthentic identities
during the dIDV process. These internal models and evaluations are leveraged on all dIDV
attempts whether initially passed or failed by the vendor. During dIDV, the models can
either4: (i) escalate the vendor-passed attempt to the internal manual review team; (ii)
escalate the customer from dIDV to enhanced verification5; or (iii) denylist the account.
4. Manual Document Review - In the event the customerʼs information cannot be fully
4 Note that Cash Appʼs Risk Machine Learning models may also deny dIDV attempts if they detect non-fraudulent image
quality issues.
5 Enhanced verification is an account state on Cash App in which the account has limited functionality until the customer
takes the required steps to remove the adversity.

verified by the vendor, the information may be referred to Cash Appʼs Risk Operations team
for manual review. The Risk Operations team is responsible for conducting a manual review
of the document to evaluate authenticity of the document, and ultimately dispose of the
dIDV attempt.
5. Document Refresh - Should a Cash App customerʼs document become expired, they are
prompted to upload a new document. The document is required to match the previous
information for their Legal Name and Date of Birth.
2.6. Business Identity Verification
Prior to opening a Cash Business account, individual verification via eIDV or dIDV must be successfully
completed. Cash App supports the following business types:
● Sole Proprietorships
● Single Member Limited Liability Company (“smLLC”)
● Non-Profit Organization (“NPO”)
Should a customer indicate they operate a business type that is not supported, they will receive an
in-app blocker indicating their entity type is currently unsupported and will be unable to progress
forward with opening a Cash Business account.
2.6.1 Business Information Collected
In order to open a Cash Business account, the following information is collected in-app from the
customer:
● Legal Business Name;
● Business Name Trading or DBA (optional);
● Business Address;
● Business Website (optional); and
● Taxpayer Identification Number (“TINˮ);
○ smLLC may use their SSN or ITIN or Employer Identification Number (“EINˮ),
dependent on how they file taxes
○ NPOs must provide an EIN
● Merchant Category Code (“MCCˮ);
○ Customers can select the appropriate category for their business from a predefined
list of MCCs that Cash App supports
● IDV of the individual customer;
○ Cash App collects a full 9-digit SSN or ITIN for customers who file taxes with an
SSN or ITIN, and a last 4 SSN for customers who file taxes with an EIN.
● Foreign Activities Attestation;
○ If customer is an NPO and indicates “yesˮ to this question, they will not be
permitted to open a Cash Business account
● Ownership Attestation
○ For smLLC, the customer must be a natural person and the 100% sole owner

○ For NPOs, the customer must meet the “control prongˮ definition
● Accuracy Attestation
● Additional questions
○ Cash App asks additional questions about how long the business has been in
operation, estimated annual revenue, and estimated annual income NPOs only).
2.6.2 Business Information Collected
To support its bIDV process, Cash App leverages a third party vendor, Middesk, to compare the
business information collected in-app with data provided by the vendor. A match is determined by
leveraging the data provided by the vendor to determine if the information provided matches a
record. Middesk leverages the Internal Revenue Service (“IRSˮ) database and the Secretary of State
(“SoSˮ) database to verify businesses.
2.6.3 Risk Mitigation and Strategy
1. Vendor Verification - Cash App maintains a set of rules and configurations with its
third-party vendor, which are designed to ensure Cash App adequately manages the risk
of fraud, identity theft and other illicit activity through its bIDV process. The following
scenarios result in a customer passing bIDV based on the information collected from the
customer:
a. SSN or ITIN businesses: The customer passed eIDV or dIDV and the Business
Name and Address are verified via the SoS.
b. EIN businesses: The customer passed eIDV or dIDV, the Business Name and EIN
are verified via the IRS.
Please note Cash App receives and ingests the information from the SoS check by Middesk for
both EIN and SSN or ITIN businesses, which is stored for manual review by the Cash App
Customer Onboarding Management team.
2. Internal IDV Rules and Configurations - Cash App maintains a set of internal rules and
configurations that operate in addition to the vendor verification process.
a. The following results in an automatic failure of bIDV
i. The EIN does not exist; or
ii. Entity type returned by vendor is different than the customer submitted
These rules and configurations are applied post-vendor review to determine if a manual review by
the Cash App Customer Onboard and Management team is required:
b. If the IRS check fails because the EIN is associated with a different business name;
OR
c. If the EIN is not found and the business is less than 1 year old
If during the KYB review, the Customer Onboarding Management specialist is unable to verify the
existence of the business, the verification will fail.

3. SSN and EIN Denylist - Cash App has developed a process, such that once an SSN, ITIN,
or EIN is added to the SSN or EIN Denylist, any future account attempting to go through IDV
with the same SSN, ITIN, or EIN is automatically denylisted. An SSN, ITIN, or EIN is typically
added to the SSN or EIN Denylist when it is associated with an account that is involved in
certain illegal or illicit activity.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Customer Onboarding Management:
○ Conduct Due Diligence on accounts in accordance with documented procedures,
user guides, and guidance logs.
● Product Management, Trust Identity:
○ Own the front-line execution and delivery of the Identity Verification (“IDVˮ)
process. Responsible for managing the IDV configurations, working across
product teams on integrations, and aligning with Legal and Compliance on
requirements. Also responsible for building and maintaining relationships with
third-party vendors who support the process.
● Product Management, Cash App:
○ Engage with the TrustProduct team whenever there are changes or updates to
product flows that impact IDV.
● Product Compliance, Trust Identity
○ Partner with Product Management, Trust to support the design and development of
controls to stay in compliance with internal policies, as well as applicable legal and
regulatory requirements.
● Product Counsel
○ Provide legal opinion and guidance to ensure compliance with applicable law.
● Risk Machine Learning (ML)
○ Dedicated team that owns, designs and builds machine learning models to detect
and deter suspected inauthentic identities during IDV.
● Risk Operations
○ Conduct manual reviews of documents that are submitted by customers during the
document identity verification process (“dIDVˮ) and are not able to be
dispositioned automatically by a vendor.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee will monitor Standard related
activities to evaluate adherence to the Standard and determine whether outputs adhere to
established objectives.
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:

● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Cash App KYC Policy
● Cash App Identity Verification Procedure
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Jason Liberman Head of Product Initial Appro… New document Apr 24, 2023
Compliance,
Cash App

Tyler Hand Cash App Head Initial Appro… New document May 1, 2023
of Compliance
Sydney Nam Block Policy Immaterial Update template. Oct 16, 2023
Changes
Governance
Coordinator
Jason Liberm… Head of Product Material Material changes. Mar 29, 2024
Compliance, Changes
Cash App
Jason Liberm… Head of Product Immaterial Immaterial Oct 24, 2024
Compliance, Changes changes.
Cash App
Jason Liberm… Head of Product Material Material Jan 28, 2025
Compliance, Changes changes,
Cash App including the
addition of the
bIDV process for
KYB,
vendor validation
process, eCBSV
as an additional
source from
Socure, and IDV
in Onboarding for
customers with
high risk signals.
Jason Liberm… Head of Material Inclusion of ITINs Oct 23, 2025
Business Changes
Product
Compliance &
Partnerships
Jason Liberm… Head of Material Addition of ITIN in Dec 15, 2025
Business Changes Refreshes and
Product Event-Driven

Compliance & Refreshes
Partnerships
Document Details:
Business Cash App
Scope US
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Business Product Compliance Lead Trust & Consumer
Approved By Head of Business Product Compliance & Partnerships
Document Tier Tier 3