Anti-Money Laundering & Anti- Terrorist
Financing Policy
Square | Square Canada, Inc.
Last Approved: Mar 11, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 11, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Square Canada, Inc. (“Square Canadaˮ or “the Companyˮ) is a wholly
owned subsidiary of Block, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is a merchant services aggregator
and mobile payments company in San Francisco, California. Square Canada is a money services
business MSB offering payment processing solutions which allow customers (“Sellersˮ) to accept
credit, debit and gift card payments in exchange for goods and services (“Managed Payments
Service"). Square Canadaʼs Managed Payments Service includes a variety of product features,
each of which is ancillary to the payment card processing solution1. Included within Square
Canadaʼs Managed Payments Service are “crowdfunding platform servicesˮ, as defined under the
PCMLTFA, which allow Sellers to raise funds from their respective customers. Crowdfunding
platform services may only be used by Sellers to raise funds on their own behalf, and cannot be
used to raise funds on behalf of persons or entities specified by them. Square Canada also offers
prepaid business expense cards (where the source of funds is derived exclusively from payment
processing activities accessed via Managed Payments Service), commercial loans, and merchant
cash advances (collectively, “Financial Servicesˮ).
Square Canada is committed to preventing its services from being used for illicit purposes such as
money laundering and terrorist financing activities. Square Canada has established an anti-money
laundering (“AMLˮ) and anti-terrorist financing (“ATFˮ) compliance program (“AML/ATF Programˮ)
to ensure compliance with applicable AML and ATF laws and regulations. Accordingly, Square
Canada has adopted this Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Policy
(“AML/ATF Policyˮ, “this Policyˮ) and will conduct business activities in compliance with the
principles found herein.
1 Managed Payments Service features include, but are not limited to: (i) Point of Sale; (ii) Invoices; (iii) Virtual Terminal; (iv)
eCommerce; (v) Funds transfers to a sellerʼs external linked bank account; (vi) crowdfunding platform services; and (vii)
Square Gift Cards.
1

Scope: This Policy is established by Square Canada and is applicable to Square Canadaʼs activities
within Canada.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Anti-money Implementing controls and measures to stop criminals and terrorists from
laundering abusing the financial system for the purposes of money laundering.
(“AMLˮ)
Customer Verifying the identity of the customer using independent and reliable
due-diligence documentation, data or information.
(“CDDˮ)
Anti-terrorist Implementing controls and measures to stop criminals and terrorists from
financing (“ATFˮ) abusing the financial system for the purposes of financing terrorism or
terrorist acts.
Crowdfunding A website or an application or other software that is used to raise funds or
Platform virtual currency through donations.
Crowdfunding The provision and maintenance of a crowdfunding platform for use by other
Platform persons or entities to raise funds or virtual currency for themselves or for the
Services persons or entities specified by them.
Enhanced Collecting and/or verifying additional information or documentation about the
due-diligence customerʼs identity including, but not limited to: source of funds and source
(“EDDˮ) of wealth.
Electronic funds The transmission - by any electronic, magnetic or optical means - of
transfer instructions for the transfer of funds, including a transmission of instructions
(“EFTˮ) that is initiated and finally received by the same person or entity. It does not
include a transmission or instructions for the transfer of funds: (i) that
involves the beneficiary withdrawing cash from their account; (ii) that is
carried out by means of a direct deposit or pre-authorized debit; (iii) that is
carried out by cheque imaging and presentment; (iv) that is both initiated and
finally received by persons or entities that are acting to clear or settle
payment obligations between themselves; or (v) that is initiated or finally
received by a person or entity referred to in paragraphs 5(a) to (h.1) of the
PCMLTFA for the purposes of internal treasury management of their financial
assets and liabilities, if one of the parties to the transaction is a subsidiary of
the other or if they are subsidiaries of the same corporation.
Financial Canadaʼs financial intelligence unit
Transactions and
Reports Analysis
Centre of
Canada
2

(“FINTRACˮ)
Head of an A person who, at a given time, holds - or has held within 5 years before that
international time - the office or position of head of: (i) an international organization that is
organization established by the governments of states; (ii) an institution of an organization
(“HIOˮ) referred to in paragraph (i); or (iii) an international sports organization.
Know your The process of identifying customers and verifying customer information in
customer accordance with regulations and guidance aimed at preventing criminals
(“KYCˮ) from accessing the financial system.
Money An act, or attempted act, to disguise the source of money or assets derived
Laundering from criminal activity. Money laundering is the process whereby “dirty
(“MLˮ) moneyˮ – value produced through criminal activity – is transformed into
“clean moneyˮ. There are three recognized stages of money laundering: (i)
Placement: placing the proceeds of crime into the financial system; (ii)
Layering: converting the proceeds of crime into another form and creating
complex layers of financial transactions to disguise the trail and the source
and ownership of funds; and (iii) Integration: integrating the laundered
proceeds back into the economy to create the perception of legitimacy.
Proceeds of An act to facilitate combatting the laundering of proceeds of crime and
Crime Money combating the financing of terrorist activities; and to establish the Financial
Laundering) and Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada.
Terrorist
Financing Act
(“PCMLTFAˮ)
Politically A person who, by nature of their being entrusted with a prominent public
exposed person function or position of influence, is more susceptible to bribery or corruption.
(“PEPˮ)
Reasonable Steps taken to achieve a desired outcome, even if they do not result in the
Measures desired outcome. Reasonable measures include, but are not limited to: (i)
asking the customer; (ii) conducting open source searches; or (iii) consulting
commercially available information.
Regulations Regulations Implementing the United Nations Resolutions on the Suppression
Implementing of Terrorism
the United
Nations
Resolutions on
the Suppression
of Terrorism
(“RIUNRSTˮ)
Suspicious A type of report that must be submitted to FINTRAC by a reporting entity if
transaction there are reasonable grounds to suspect that a financial transaction that
report (“STRˮ) occurs or is attempted in the course of its business activities is related to the
commission or the attempted commission of a ML/TF offence.
3

Terrorist The use of funds, property or other services to encourage, plan, assist or
financing (“TFˮ) engage in acts of terrorism, where the primary motivation is not financial
gain.
Listed Person or A type of report that must be submitted to FINTRAC by a reporting entity if it
Entity Property has property in its possession or control that it knows or believes is owned or
Report controlled by or on behalf of a terrorist or a terrorist group or it knows or
(“TPRˮ) believes that the property is owned or controlled by or on behalf of a listed
person or entity.
Virtual currency Virtual currency means (i) a digital representation of value that can be used
(“VCˮ) for payment or investment purposes that is not a fiat currency and that can
be readily exchanged for funds or for another virtual currency that can be
readily exchanged for funds; or (ii) a private key of a cryptographic system
that enables a person or entity to have access to a digital representation of
value referred to in paragraph (i).
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Key Concepts
2.1.1. Money Laundering
Money laundering is an act, or attempted act, to disguise the source of money or assets derived
from criminal activity. Money laundering is the process whereby “dirty moneyˮ, or money generated
through criminal activity (the proceeds of crime), is transformed into “clean moneyˮ, the source of
which is difficult to trace or verify. Criminals aim to convert the proceeds of crime into a form which
appears to have a legitimate source; and if carried out successfully, money laundering allows
criminals to maintain control of their proceeds of crime while concealing the true origin.
There are three primary stages to money laundering:
1. Placement: the placing of the proceeds of crime into the financial system;
2. Layering: converting the proceeds of crime into another form of value and creating
complex layers of financial transactions to disguise the audit trail, source and true
ownership of the proceeds of crime; and
3. Integration: integrating the proceeds of crime back into the economy in such a way so as to
create the perception of legitimacy.
A money laundering offence generally requires that an individual knows or believes that the
proceeds of crime was obtained or derived from the commission of another offence, known as a
predicate offence. Predicate offences include a variety of crimes including drug dealing, theft,
bribery, smuggling, corruption, fraud, embezzlement, counterfeiting, arson, extortion or murder.
2.1.2. Terrorist Financing
4

Terrorist financing is knowingly collecting or giving property (such as money) to carry out terrorist
activities. This includes the use and possession of any property to help carry out terrorist activities.
With terrorist financing, using funds to carry out a terrorist act is the ultimate goal as opposed to
acquiring funds alone. Similar to money laundering, terrorist financing activity is intended to evade
detection by authorities and protect the identity of the sponsors and ultimate beneficiaries of the
funds. However, unlike money laundering, the funds used for terrorist financing activity may
originate from legitimate sources, such as charitable donations.
2.2. Regulatory Framework
As a reporting entity under Canadaʼs national AML/ATF framework, Square Canada remains subject
to a variety of laws and regulations (legislation).
2.2.1. Criminal Code
Money laundering and the financing of terrorism are criminal offences under the Criminal Code of
Canada Criminal Code). Under section 354 1 of the Criminal Code, it as an offence to be in the
possession of any property or any proceeds of any property, knowing that all or part of it was
obtained or derived from an indictable offence in Canada or an act or omission anywhere that, if it
had occurred in Canada, would have been an indictable offence2.
Under section 462.31 1 of the Criminal Code, it is an offence to use, transfer the possession of,
send or deliver to any person or place, transport, transmit, alter, dispose of or otherwise deal with, in
any manner and by any means, any property or any proceeds of any property with intent to conceal
or convert that property or those proceeds, knowing or believing that, or being reckless to whether,
all or a part of that property of those proceeds was obtained or derived directly or indirectly as a
result of a designated offence in Canada or an act or omission anywhere that, if it had occurred in
Canada, would have been a designated offence3.
A designated offence under section 462.3 1 of the Criminal Code is any offence that may be
prosecuted as an indictable offence under this or any other Act of Parliament, other than an
indictable offence prescribed by regulation. Conspiracy or an attempt to commit, being an accessory
after the fact in relation to, or any counselling in relation to an indictable offence is also a designated
offence4.
2.2.2. Proceeds of Crime Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act
The Proceeds of Crime Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act PCMLTFA and its
accompanying regulations implement specific measures to detect, deter, investigate and prosecute
2 https://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/c-46/
3 https://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/c-46/
4 https://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/c-46/
5

money laundering and terrorist financing offences in Canada. The PCMLTFA makes it mandatory for
certain individuals and entities (reporting entities) to implement a compliance program that meets the
requirements as set out in the legislation.
The PCMLTFA has as its primary objective:
● To implement specific measures to detect and deter money laundering and the financing of
terrorist activities to facilitate the investigation or prosecution of money laundering and
terrorist financing offences, including:
○ Establishing the record keeping and customer identification requirements for
financial services providers and other persons that engage in businesses,
professions or activities that are susceptible to being used for money laundering,
and the financing of terrorist activities;
○ Requiring the reporting of suspicious financial transactions and of cross-border
movements of currency and monetary instruments; and
● Establishing an agency that is responsible for dealing with reported and other information;
● To respond to the threat posed by organized crime by providing law enforcement officials
with the information they need to investigate and prosecute money laundering or terrorist
financing offences, while ensuring that appropriate safeguards are put in place to protect
the privacy of persons with respect to personal information about themselves; and
● To assist in fulfilling Canadaʼs international commitments to participate in the fight against
transnational crime, particularly money laundering and the fight against terrorist activities.
There are five regulations under the PCMLTFA
1. Proceeds of Crime Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Regulations
2. Proceeds of Crime Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Suspicious Transaction
Reporting Regulations
3. Cross-Border Currency and Monetary Instruments Reporting Regulations
4. Proceeds of Crime Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Registration Regulations
5. Proceeds of Crime Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Administrative Monetary
Penalties Regulations
2.2.3. Proceeds of Crime Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act
The Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada (“FINTRACˮ) is Canadaʼs financial
intelligence unit (“FIUˮ). In this capacity, FINTRAC has as its mandate to facilitate the detection,
prevention and deterrence of money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities, while
ensuring the protection of personal information under its control. FINTRAC is further responsible for
ensuring the compliance of reporting entities subject to the PCMLTFA and its accompanying
regulations.
6

For the purposes of assessing compliance, FINTRAC has the authority to inquire into the business
and affairs of an entity covered under the PCMLTFA. To this end, FINTRAC undertakes on-site and
desk examinations, and employs a risk-based approach to select reporting entities for compliance
examinations. A FINTRAC compliance examination will assess whether an entity is meeting its
obligations under the legislation, and areas of focus commonly include:
● Implementation of a compliance program including:
○ The appointment of a compliance officer responsible for the implementation and
oversight of the compliance program;
○ Written policies and procedures that are kept up to date and approved by a senior
officer;
○ Risk assessment of the business to assess the risk of a money laundering offence
or terrorist financing offence occurring in the course its activities;
○ Implementation of a written, ongoing training program and plan; and
○ implementing and documenting a plan for a review of the compliance program to
test its effectiveness every two-years at a minimum;
● Reporting: all required reports are being sent to FINTRAC;
● Recordkeeping: all required records are being collected and retained;
● Implementation of a customer identification program; and
● Implementation of policies and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable travel rule
and ministerial directives.
Under the Proceeds of Crime Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Administrative Monetary
Penalties Regulations, FINTRAC has the authority to impose administrative monetary penalties when
it has reasonable grounds to believe that a reporting entity has violated the PCMLTFA and its
accompanying regulations. Administrative monetary penalties imposed can be as high as $500,000
per violation based on the severity of the failure; and for criminal non-compliance offences under the
PCMLTFA, penalties may include potential fines as high as $2,000,000 and/or imprisonment for a
term of not more than five years.
2.2.4. Economic Sanctions Laws and Regulations
Canada has restrictions and measures in place against a number of countries, as well as sanctions
against specific individuals and entities. Sanctions imposed by Canada on specific countries,
organizations or individuals can encompass a variety of measures including restricting or prohibiting
trade, financial transactions or other economic activity between Canada and the target country; or
the seizure or freezing of property located in Canada.
Canadaʼs sanctions are imposed under a range of statutes and regulations including: the Criminal
Code; the United Nations Act (“UN Actˮ), including the suppression of terrorism regulations; the
Special Economic Measures Act (“SEMAˮ); the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act
(“FACFO Actˮ); and the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act Sergei Magnitsky law).
Square may use third party service providers, agents or affiliates (“Service Providersˮ) to facilitate
use of the Managed Payments Service and that these Service Providers, if based outside of Canada,
7

are subject to the laws of foreign jurisdictions where those entities are located. In the event that such
Service Providers cannot process any transaction referred to it by Square in connection with the
Managed Payments Service, by reason that such Service Providers may, by doing so, violate any
law, regulation, rule or internal policy applicable to it if it completes such transaction, then such
transaction will not be completed and any funds associated with such transactions may be blocked
and/or held indefinitely by Squareʼs Service Providers. In the event this occurs, Square may suspend
or terminate a Sellerʼs Square Account.
2.3. Policy Statement
2.3.1. Compliance with AML/ATF Laws and Regulations
The purpose of this policy is to demonstrate Square Canadaʼs commitment to comply with Canadaʼs
AML and ATF framework and Block Inc.ʼs Global Sanctions Compliance Policy. Square Canada is
strongly committed to fostering a culture of compliance. Square Canada will not knowingly
participate in activity that is suspected to be related to the commission of a money laundering or
terrorist offence; and the company is committed to preventing, detecting and reporting any such
activity.
Square Canadaʼs policy is to comply with all requirements under the PCMLTFA, its accompanying
regulations, the Criminal Code, the UN Act, SEMA, the FACFO Act and the Sergei Magnitsky law.
Accordingly, Square Canada has implemented a comprehensive AML/ATF compliance program
through which are applied risk-based measures to mitigate the risk of ML or TF activities occurring
in its business activities. Square Canada has implemented a customer identification program and
maintains additional compliance systems designed to ensure compliance with all applicable record
keeping, reporting, and compliance program requirements. This AML/ATF Policy is accompanied by
AML/ATF Procedures.
This AML/ATF Policy establishes that Square Canadaʼs Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) and
Regional AML Compliance Officer (“RAMLOˮ) is responsible for the administration of this AML/ATF
Policy. This AML/ATF Policy will be reviewed by the CCO and approved by the Square Head of
Compliance and Square Canada Board of Directors on no less than an annual basis. The procedures,
standards and guidelines that provide additional detail on the application and interpretation of the
AML/ATF Policy will also be reviewed by the CCO on no less than an annual basis.
2.3.2. Compliance with AML/ATF Laws and Regulations
This AML/ATF Policy applies to all staff of Square Canada including all employees of the larger Block
Inc. organization that provide shared services to Square Canada. In the event of an instance of
non-compliance with this AML/ATF Policy, Square Canada may take action(s) including:
● Provide feedback to address errors, mistakes or areas where improvement is required;
● Deliver additional targeted training;
● Issue formal verbal and/or written warnings;
● Schedule a performance improvement plan; or
● Termination of employment.
8

2.4. AML/ATF Compliance Program
Square Canada is considered a Money Services Business MSB in Canada because the company is
engaged in the following activities MSB services):
● Remitting and transmitting funds5; and
● Crowdfunding platform services6.
As an MSB, Square Canada has implemented an AML/ATF Program designed to satisfy all
requirements under the PCMLTFA and its accompanying regulations. The AML/ATF Program further
takes into consideration requirements arising from banking and payment network relationships. The
AML/ATF Program is written, monitored on an ongoing basis and kept up to date.
2.4.1. MSB Registration
Square Canada registered with FINTRAC as an MSB on June 9, 2022 (registration number
M22983585; expiry date October 25, 2026. In the event of changes to information previously
submitted, Square Canada will update its registration information by notifying FINTRAC of the update
within 30-days. Square Canada will renew its MSB registration before the expiry date and no less
than every two years. Square Canada will respond to any clarification request received from
FINTRAC in respect of its MSB registration within 30-days by either making the necessary changes
to its registration or by confirming the information already included is correct. In the event Square
Canada ceases to meet the definition of an MSB, registration will be cancelled by submitting the
cancellation form to FINTRAC within 30-days of the date on which Square Canada ceases or stops
offering MSB services.
2.4.2. Appointment of a Compliance Officer
Square Canada has appointed a Chief Compliance Officer CCO responsible for the implementation,
oversight and ongoing maintenance of the AML/ATF Program. The CCO will not be involved directly
in the receipt, transfer or payment of funds. The CCO will have independent oversight of the
program and be able to communicate directly with the senior management and board of directors of
Square Canada.
In consideration of their responsibility for the implementation of the AML/ATF Compliance Program,
the CCO will:
5 Remitting or transmitting from one person or entity to another using an electronic funds transfer network or any other
method
6 The provision and maintenance of a website or application or other software that is used by other persons or entities to
raise funds or virtual currency for themselves or for persons or entities specified by them
9

● Have the necessary authority and access to resources in order to implement an effective
AML/ATF compliance program and make any desired changes;
● Have knowledge of Square Canadaʼs business functions and structure;
● Have knowledge of Square Canadaʼs ML/TF risks and vulnerabilities as well as ML/TF
trends and typologies; and
● Understand Square Canadaʼs requirements as an MSB under the PCMLTFA and its
accompanying regulations.
Under the Square Canada AML/ATF Program, the CCO may delegate certain duties to other
employees; however, the CCO remains ultimately responsible for the implementation of the AML/ATF
Program. The appointment of the CCO will be approved by the board of directors of Square Canada;
and the CCO will provide quarterly reporting to the board of directors in respect of:
● High-risk clients and/or activities;
● Reporting and operational metrics;
● Incidents of non-compliance (if applicable); and
● Significant changes to the AML/ATF Program and/or changes to the ML/TF risks identified
in the business of Square Canada.
2.4.3. Compliance Policies and Procedures
Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF Policy and AML/ATF Procedures set forth the risk-based systems,
processes and controls used to ensure compliance with the companyʼs obligations as under the
PCMLTFA and its accompanying regulations. Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF Policy and AML/ATF
Procedures are made available to all persons authorized to act on behalf of Square Canada including
employees, agents and any other individuals that interact with clients, transactions or other business
activities.
Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF Policy and AML/ATF Procedures are:
● Written and maintained in a format that is accessible to all relevant persons;
● Kept up to date (including changes to legislation or internal processes, as well as any other
changes that would require and update); and
● Approved by a senior officer.
Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF Policy and AML/ATF Procedures will at a minimum contain information in
respect of the following requirements:
● Appointment of a compliance officer;
● Risk assessment;
● Ongoing compliance training program and plan;
● Independent effectiveness review and plan;
● Customer identity verification;
● Politically exposed persons PEP and heads of international organizations HIO;
● Beneficial ownership;
10

● Third-party determination;
● Business relationship and ongoing monitoring;
● Recordkeeping;
● Reporting;
● Training;
● Travel rule; and
● Ministerial directives.
Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF Policy and AML/ATF Procedures will include a description of the
processes and controls in place to meet its requirements including:
● When the obligation is triggered;
● The information that must be reported, recorded or considered;
● The procedures created to ensure a requirement is fulfilled;
● The timelines associated with requirements and methods of reporting; and
● The steps taken for all obligations that require Square Canada take reasonable measures.
2.4.4. Risk Assessment
Business Risk Assessment
Square Canada maintains an AML/ATF and sanctions risk assessment AML/ATF Risk Assessment)
that is used to assess the ML and TF risks relevant to its business activities. The Square Canada
AML/ATF Risk Assessment takes into consideration the following:
● Customers and business relationships, including their activity patterns and geographic
locations;
● The products, services and delivery channels offered;
● The geographic locations at which business activities are conducted;
● The risks resulting from new developments or new technologies that Square Canada
intends to carry out or introduce, before doing so, that may have an impact on customers,
business relationships, products and services or delivery channels, or the geographic
location of its activities; and
● Any other relevant factor affecting the business of Square Canada including, but not limited
to:
● Reliance on related entities and/or outsourced service providers;
● Employee turnover; and
● Industry rules and regulations.
11

Square Canada will ensure the AML/ATF Risk Assessment is conducted on no less than an annual
basis; and the results will be communicated to both the Square Head of Compliance and the board of
directors. Recommendations arising from the AML/ATF Risk Assessment will be incorporated into the
larger AML/ATF Program to ensure Square Canada maintains an appropriate risk-based approach to
the mitigation of ML/TF risks.
Customer Risk Assessment
Square Canada also maintains a customer risk assessment which is applied to all customers on an
ongoing basis. The customer risk assessment serves to determine whether the customer presents a
high, medium or low risk of ML or TF by taking into consideration a variety of risk factors including,
but not limited to:
● The combination of products, services and delivery channels used by the customer;
● The geographical location of the customer and their transactions;
● The new technologies and developments made available to customers; and
● Customer characteristics and patterns of activity and transactions.
Enhanced Measures
In the event Square Canada considers the risk of an ML or TF offence to be high, enhanced
measures will be taken. Enhanced measures are the additional controls and processes in place to
manage and reduce the risks associated with high-risk customers and business activities. Square
Canada policies and procedures for enhanced measures include:
● The additional steps, based on assessment of the risk, that will be taken to verify the
identity of a person or entity; and
● Any other additional steps taken to mitigate the risks including, but not limited to, the
additional steps to:
○ Ensure customer identification and beneficial ownership information is updated at a
frequency that is appropriate to the level of risk; and
○ Conduct ongoing monitoring of business relationships at a frequency that is
appropriate for the level or risk.
Enhanced measures may include, but are not limited to:
● Obtaining additional information about a customer;
● Obtaining information on the customerʼs source of funds or source of wealth;
● Obtaining supporting documentation that can be used to verify information about the
customer or the transactions they conduct;
● Obtaining information on the reasons for attempted or conducted transactions; or
● Any other measures deemed appropriate according to the risks involved.
12

Square Canada will keep records of the measures it takes and of the information obtained from the
ongoing monitoring of customers with whom it has a business relationship. This includes:
● The processes in place to perform ongoing monitoring;
● The processes in place to perform the enhanced ongoing monitoring of high-risk clients;
● The processes for recording the information obtained as a result of the ongoing monitoring;
● The processes for recording the information obtained as a result of enhanced ongoing
monitoring of high-risk clients; and
● The information obtained as a result of ongoing monitoring and enhanced ongoing
monitoring of high-risk clients
2.4.5. Training Program and Plan
Square Canada maintains a written, ongoing compliance training program to ensure that employees,
officers, agents or other individuals acting on behalf of Square Canada, or authorized to act on
behalf of Square Canada, as well as the Board of Directors, are sufficiently trained with respect to
the risks of ML and TF. In addition to foundational global AML/ATF training for all employees,
employees engaged in any of the following activities (as well as the Square Canada Board of
Directors and senior management) are required to participate in a specialized Canada-specific
compliance training program:
● Contacting customers directly;
● Assisting in the processing or monitoring of customer transactions;
● Assisting in the processing or transfer of customer funds in any way;
● Are responsible for executing AML/ATF Procedures; and/or
● Are responsible for implementing or overseeing the AML/ATF Program.
Training program content is designed to ensure employees and all members of senior management
and the Board of Directors are aware of their responsibilities under the AML/ATF Program and to
communicate what they need to know and understand in respect of:
● Square Canadaʼs requirements under the PCMLTFA and its accompanying regulations;
● Background information on ML and TF, such as the definition of ML/TF and the methods of
ML/TF;
● Who is FINTRAC;
● What is a MSB;
● How the business of Square Canada could be vulnerable to ML/TF activities, including
suspicious indicators and red flags;
● The responsibilities of Square Canada;
● The compliance policies and procedures (including the risk assessment) developed by
Square Canada to help meet its requirements under the PCMLTFA and its accompanying
regulations for preventing and detecting ML/TF, including reporting, recordkeeping and
know your customer requirements; and
● The roles and responsibilities in detecting and deterring ML/TF activities, and when dealing
with potentially suspicious activities or transactions.
13

Square Canada has further implemented and documented a plan for the ongoing compliance training
program and for delivering the training. The compliance training plan covers how the ongoing
compliance training program will be implemented and its delivery method. The training plan also
includes details on the steps taken to ensure all relevant employees and others receive an
appropriate level of training relevant to their duties and position, on an ongoing basis. Specifically,
the training plan is used to define the following:
● Training recipients;
● Training topics and materials;
● Training methods for delivery; and
● Training frequency.
New hires will receive training within their first 30 days on the job, as well as specific role based
training, which includes AML and ATF components, prior to dealing with customers or customer
funds independently. Anyone that is on a leave of absence that causes them to miss regularly
scheduled training will receive training within 30 days of their return to work.
2.4.6. Independent Effectiveness Review
Square Canada is committed to ensuring an independent effectiveness review of its AML/ATF
Program is conducted at a minimum of every two years; and that such reviews begin within two
years of the start date of the previous review. The purpose of an independent effectiveness review is
to determine whether the AML/ATF Program has gaps or weaknesses that may prevent Square
Canada from effectively detecting and preventing ML and TF related activities. The results of the
independent effectiveness review can be used to determine whether:
● Business practices reflect what is written in AML/ATF Program documentation and whether
Square Canada is meeting its obligations under the PCMLTFA and its accompanying
regulations; and
● The AML/ATF Risk Assessment is effective at identifying and mitigating the ML and TF risks
related to customers, products, services, delivery channels, new developments or
technology, and geographic locations where business activities are conducted.
Independent effectiveness reviews will be conducted by an external auditor that is familiar with
Square Canadaʼs obligations as an MSB. The results of the independent effectiveness review will be
reported to a senior officer, in writing, no more than thirty-days after the completion of the
effectiveness review; and such report will include the following:
● The results of the review (deficiencies, recommendations and action plans);
● Any updates made to the policies and procedures during the reporting period (the period
covered by the two-year review) that were not made as a result of the review itself; and
● The status of the implementation of the updates made to the policies and procedures.
Square Canada also maintains a documented plan for the independent effectiveness review which
not only describes the scope of the review, but also defines the breadth and depth of review of each
14

element of the AML/ATF Program. The plan further describes the rationale that supports the areas of
focus, the time period that will be reviewed, the anticipated evaluation methods and sample sizes.
The following additional details are also documented within the independent effectiveness review:
● The date the review was conducted, the period that was covered by the review and the
person or entity who performed the review;
● The results of the tests that were performed; and
● The conclusions, including deficiencies, recommendations and action plans, if any.
2.4.7. Client Identity Verification and Know Your Client
Square Canada identifies all customers and enters into a service agreement with all customers prior
to offering MSB services. The method used to verify identity depends upon the type of customer
applying for MSB services: sole-proprietor (individuals) or business entity7 (corporation, partnership,
not-for-profit, other entity type).
For sole-proprietors (individuals), all customers are not physically present for the identity verification
process; and Square Canada uses the following methods to verify identity:
● Government-issued photo identification method;
● Credit File method; and/or
● Dual-Process method.
For legal-entity customers, Square Canada uses the confirmation of existence method to verify
identity.
For additional detail in respect of the identity verification methods used for sole-proprietors
(individuals) and legal entities, please refer to Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF Procedures.
Where the client is deemed to present a high risk of ML/TF, enhanced measures will be taken to
verify the customerʼs identity. Enhanced measures to mitigate increased risk of ML/TF include, but
are not limited to, the following:
● Obtaining additional information on a Seller based on Internet research and/or public
databases;
● Obtaining information on a Sellerʼs source of funds and/or source of wealth;
● Obtaining additional information on a Sellerʼs purpose for attempted or completed
transactions; and
● Any other measures deemed appropriate in consideration of the Sellerʼs circumstances.
7 Square Canada is not required to verify identity if the entity is either of the following: (i) a Public Body; (ii) a corporation or
trust that has minimum net assets of $75 million on its last audited balance sheet, whose shares or units are traded on a
Canadian stock exchange designated under subsection 2621 of the Income Tax Act and that operates in a country that is a
member of the Financial Action Task Force; or (iii) a subsidiary of a public body or corporation or trust, whose financial
statements are consolidated with the financial statements of the public body, corporation or trust.
15

Once a customer has had their identity verified in accordance with one of the methods above, their
identity will not be verified again for subsequent transactions or activities. However, if there are
doubts about the information used to verify the identity of a customer, that customer will have their
identity verified again.
In addition to verifying identity, Square Canada collects additional know-your-customer KYC
information from customers including, but not limited to, the purpose and intended nature of the
business relationship with Square Canada.
2.4.8. Ongoing Monitoring and Business Relationships
In order to best protect Square Canada from being used for ML or TF purposes, the Company is
committed to maintaining an ongoing monitoring program in order to:
● Detect any suspicious transactions that must be reported to FINTRAC;
● Keep client identification information, beneficial ownership information, and the purpose
and intended nature of the business relationship record up to date;
● Reassess the level of risk associated with the customerʼs transactions and activities; and
● Determine whether transactions or activities are consistent with the client information
obtained and the risk assessment of the customer.
Square Canada uses a risk-based approach to periodic ongoing monitoring whereby customers
deemed of higher risk are subject to more frequent KYC review. Square Canada is required to
engage in ongoing monitoring of all business relationships. Square Canada is deemed to enter into a
business relationship with a customer where Square Canada enters into a service agreement with
that customer. For each business relationship, Square Canada will determine and keep a record of
the purpose and intended nature of the business relationship. The purpose and intended nature of a
business relationship with a customer is information that should allow Square Canada to anticipate
the transactions and activities of the customer and best describes the dealings with the customer. A
business relationship continues for a period of at least five years since the day of the last transaction
entered into with a customer. As such, Square Canada will continue ongoing monitoring in respect
of detecting suspicious transactions that must be reported to FINTRAC even after the customer is no
longer active with Square Canada.
All customers deemed of high-risk according to the Square Canada customer risk assessment are
subject to enhanced ongoing monitoring which may include, but is not limited to:
● Reviewing transactions on a more frequent basis;
● Developing and reviewing reports of high-risk transactions on a more frequent basis;
● Flagging transactions that either deviate from expected activity or otherwise raise
concerns;
● Establishing limits or other parameters which if exceeded would trigger additional review;
and
● Reviewing transactions more frequently against suspicious transaction indicators that are
specific to business relationships.
16

2.4.9. Beneficial Ownership
Beneficial owners are the individuals who, directly or indirectly, own or control 25% or more of a
corporation or an entity other than a corporation. In the case of a trust, beneficial owners include the
trustees, the known beneficiaries and settlors of the trust. If the trust is a widely held trust or a
publicly traded trust, beneficial owners include the trustees and all persons who own or control,
directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the units of the trust.
Beneficial owners cannot be other corporations, trusts or other entities, and beneficial owners only
include the individuals who are the owners or controllers of an entity. Complex beneficial ownership
structures are commonly used for concealing the true nature of beneficial ownership, and can be
used to allow criminals to continue controlling their assets on an indirect basis via different legal
entities. In some instances, beneficial ownership will need to be determined by looking through
multiple layers of ownership held through different legal entities and jurisdictions.
As part of the identity verification process for legal-entity customers, Square Canada collects, and
takes reasonable measures to confirm the accuracy of beneficial ownership information. In the case
of not-for-profit organizations, Square Canada will further determine whether the entity is:
● a charity registered with the Canada Revenue Agency CRA under the Income Tax Act; or
● an organization, other than a charity registered with the CRA under the Income Tax Act,
that solicits charitable donations from the public.
At a minimum, the following beneficial ownership information is collected according to entity-type:
● Corporations: Names of all directors of the corporation; name and address of all individuals
who, directly or indirectly, own or control 25% or more of the corporation;
● Entities other than Corporations: name and address of all individuals who, directly or
indirectly, own or control 25% or the entity;
● Trusts: name and address of all trustees and all known beneficiaries and settlors of the
trust;
● Widely held trust or a publicly traded trust: name of all trustees and the name and address
of all persons who own or control, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the units of the
trust; and
● All entity types: information establishing the ownership, control and structure of the entity.
Square Canada takes reasonable measures to confirm the accuracy of beneficial ownership
information at onboarding and in the course of conducting periodic ongoing monitoring of the
business relationships held with customers.
Where beneficial ownership information cannot be collected, cannot be kept up to date in the course
of ongoing monitoring or its accuracy cannot be confirmed (either when it is first obtained or in the
course of ongoing monitoring), Square Canada will:
17

● Take reasonable measures to verify the identity of the entityʼs chief executive officer or the
person who performs that function8;
● Conduct enhanced measures to verify the identity of that individual; and
● Conduct enhanced ongoing monitoring of the business relationship.
Where discrepancies are observed in the beneficial ownership information of a high-risk Seller,
either at the time itʼs originally collected or in the course of ongoing monitoring thereafter, Square
Canada will report such discrepancies to Corporations Canada within 30-days.
2.4.10. Third Party Determination
A third-party is the person or entity that instructs another person or entity to conduct a transaction
or activity on their behalf. As such, the third party is the instructing party to the transaction or
activity, and is understood to be the “on behalf of '' or “for benefit ofˮ party. Third-party transactions
are commonly used to conceal the true identity of the person or entity on whose behalf, and for
whose benefit, the activity is being conducted.
The terms of service which govern Square Canadaʼs Managed Payments Service prohibit third party
transactions, as such transactions fall outside the risk appetite of the Company. Square Canada
further monitors customer transactions on an ongoing basis for the specific purpose of identifying
potential third-party transactions. Where a customer is found to be conducting third-party
transactions in contravention of the framework terms of service, Square Canada will advise the
customer of the terms of service violation and the business relationship will be exited. Where this
occurs, Square Canada keeps a record of the reason(s) why the customer was suspected of acting
on behalf of a third party; and where applicable, the activity will be escalated for potential suspicious
transaction reporting purposes.
2.4.11. Politically Exposed Persons and Heads of International Organizations
Generally speaking, a politically exposed person (“PEPˮ) or head of an international organization
(“HIOˮ) is someone who, by nature of their being entrusted with a prominent public function or
position of influence, is more susceptible to bribery or corruption. For this reason, PEPs and HIOs are
usually considered to be of heightened risk.
Domestic PEP
A domestic PEP is a person who currently holds or has held within the last 5 years, a specific office
or position in or on behalf of the Canadian federal government, a Canadian provincial (or territorial)
government, or a Canadian municipal government. Specifically, the person has held the office or
position of:
● Governor General, lieutenant governor or head of government;
● Member of the Senate or House of Commons or member of the legislature;
● Deputy minister or equivalent rank;
8 For the purposes of taking reasonable measures to verify the identity of the chief executive officer or person who
performs that function, Square Canada will use the prescribed identity verification methods which apply to Sole-Proprietors
(individuals)
18

● ambassador, or attaché or counsellor of an ambassador;
● Military officer with a rank of general or above;
● President of a corporation that is wholly owned directly by Her Majesty in right of Canada
or a province;
● Head of a government agency;
● Judge of an appellate court in a province, the Federal Court of Appeal or the Supreme
Court of Canada;
● Leader or president of a political party represented in a legislature; or
● Mayor, reeve or other similar chief officer of a municipal or local government9.
A person ceases to be a domestic PEP five years after they have left office or five years after they
are deceased.
Foreign PEP
A foreign PEP is a person who holds or has held one of the following offices or positions in or on
behalf of a foreign state (regardless citizenship, residence status or birthplace):
● Head of state of head of government;
● Member of the executive council of government or member of a legislature;
● Deputy minister or equivalent rank;
● Ambassador, or attaché or counsellor of an ambassador;
● Military officer with a rank of general or above;
● President of a state-owned company or a state-owned bank;
● Head of a government agency;
● Judge of a supreme court, constitutional court or other court of last resort; or
● Leader or president of a political party represented in a legislature.
Once a determination has been made that a person is a foreign PEP, they remain a foreign PEP
forever (including deceased foreign PEPs). There is no need to determine whether such persons are
a foreign PEP again.
Head of an International Organization
An HIO is a person who currently holds or has held within the last five years the specific office or
position of head of an international organization and the international organization that they head or
were head of is either:
● An international organization established by the government of states;
● An institution of an organization referred to in 1 above; or
● An international sports organization.
An institution established by an international organization does not have to operate internationally
and it is possible that an institution only operates domestically, or in one jurisdiction. The HIO is the
primary person who leads the organization, such as the president or chief executive officer. A
9 Municipal governments include cities, towns, villages and rural (county) or metropolitan municipalities. As such, a mayor is
the head of a city, town, village and rural or metropolitan municipality, regardless of the size of the population.
19

person ceases to be a HIO five years after they are no longer the head of the organization or
institution or five years after they are deceased.
An international organization is set up by the governments of more than one member country, has
activities in several countries, and is bound by a formal agreement among member countries. An
international organization has its own legal status, and it is an entity that is distinct from the member
countries. International organizations are recognized by their member countries, but they are not
resident organizations of any country.
Family Members of PEPs and HIOs
If a person is a PEP or HIO, the following family members are considered family members of PEPs or
HIOs:
● Their spouse or common-law partner;
● Their biological or adoptive children;
● Their mother(s) or father(s);
● The mother(s) or father(s) of their spouse or common-law partner (mother-in-law or
father-in-law); and
● The child(ren) of their mother or father (sibling(s)).
Once a determination has been made that a person is a family member of a foreign PEP (including a
deceased foreign PEP, they remain a family member of a foreign PEP forever. Once a determination
has been made that a person is a family member of a domestic PEP or HIO, they remain a family
member of a domestic PEP or HIO until five years after the PEP or HIO has left office. In the case of
a deceased domestic PEP or HIO, persons that are their family members remain a family member of
a domestic PEP or HIO for five years after the domestic PEP or HIO ceases to be a domestic PEP or
HIO.
If a person is the ex-spouse or partner of a foreign PEP, they are considered a family member of a
foreign PEP forever; and If a person is the ex-spouse or partner of a domestic PEP or HIO, they are
considered a family member of a domestic PEP or HIO until the domestic PEP or HIO ceases to be a
domestic PEP or HIO. A step family relationship does not fall under the definition of a family member
unless a child is legally adopted. Similarly, if a marriage includes step-siblings, these step-siblings
are not considered family members if they are not legally adopted by the stepparent. The niece and
nephew of a PEP or HIO is not considered a family member of a PEP or HIO.
Close Associates of PEPs and HIOs
A close associate of a PEP or HIO is a person who is connected to a PEP or HIO for personal or
business reasons. Relationships that could indicate that someone is a close associate of a PEP or
HIO could include, but are not limited to, persons who:
● Are the business partners of, or who beneficially own or control a business with, a PEP or
HIO;
● Are in a romantic relationship with a PEP or HIO;
● Are involved in financial transactions with the PEP or HIO;
20

● Serve as prominent members of the same political party or union as a PEP or HIO;
● Serve as a member of the same board as a PEP or HIO;
● Carry out charitable works closely with a PEP or HIO; or
● Are listed as joint on a policy where one of the holders may be a PEP or HIO.
A person who is a close associate of a PEP or HIO remains a close associate until they lose that
connection.
PEP and HIO Determination
Square Canada will take reasonable measures to make a PEP, HIO, family member or close associate
determination at the following times:
● When entering into a new business relationship with a customer;
● When conducting ongoing periodic monitoring of the business relationships held with
customers; and
● Upon detecting a fact about an existing business relationship that indicates a PEP or HIO
connection.
Under the PCMLTFA, there are additional transaction-related PEP and HIO determinations that must
be made by an MSB when conducting specific transactions involving cash, international electronic
funds transfers EFT and/or virtual currency VC. None of these products or transaction types are
offered by Square Canada; however, in the event the business activities of Square Canada eventually
extend to include these transaction types, such PEP and HIO determinations will be implemented.
Foreign PEPs
In the event Square Canada enters into a business relationship, conducts periodic ongoing
monitoring of its business relationships, or detects a fact about an existing business relationship, and
the determination is made that a person is a foreign PEP or family member or close associate of a
foreign PEP, Square Canada will:
● Take reasonable measures to establish the person's source of wealth; and
● Take enhanced measures to verify the person's identity, conduct enhanced ongoing
monitoring of the business relationship, and take any other enhanced measures to mitigate
the risks posed by the person.
Domestic PEPs or HIOs
In the event Square Canada enters into a business relationship, conducts periodic ongoing
monitoring of its business relationships, or detects a fact about an existing business relationship, and
the determination is made that a person is a domestic PEP, HIO or family member of a domestic PEP
or HIO, and based on Square Canadaʼs internal PEP/HIO risk assessment, the domestic PEP or HIO is
deemed to present a high risk of ML or TF, Square Canada will:
● Take reasonable measures to establish the personʼs source of wealth; and
21

● Take enhanced measures to verify the person's identity, conduct enhanced ongoing
monitoring of the business relationship, and take any other enhanced measures to mitigate
the risks posed by the person.
In the event Square Canada detects a fact about an existing business relationship, and the
determination is made that a person is a close associate of a domestic PEP or HIO, and based on
Square Canadaʼs internal risk assessment, the domestic PEP or HIO is deemed to present a high risk
of ML or TF, Square Canada will:
● Take reasonable measures to establish the personʼs source of wealth; and
● Take enhanced measures to verify the person's identity, conduct enhanced ongoing
monitoring of the business relationship, and take any other enhanced measures to mitigate
the risks posed by the person.
Timing for taking measures
In the event Square Canada enters into a business relationship with, or detects a fact about a PEP,
HIO or family member or close associate of one of these persons, Square Canada will within 30-days
after the day on which the business relationship is entered or a fact detected, take reasonable
measures to establish the source of a personʼs wealth, if applicable.
2.4.12. Prohibited Customers
Customers engaged in the following business activities fall outside the risk tolerance of Square
Canada and are prohibited from using the Companyʼs Managed Payments Service:
● Any illegal activity or goods;
● Paraphernalia that may be used for illegal activity;
● Buyers or membership clubs, including dues associated with such clubs;
● Credit counselling or credit repair agencies;
● Credit protection or identity theft protection services;
● Direct marketing or subscription services;
● Infomercial sales;
● internet/mail order/telephone order pharmacies or pharmacy referral services (where
fulfilment of medication is performed with an internet or telephone consultation, absent a
physical visit, including re-importation of pharmaceuticals from foreign countries);
● Unauthorized multi-level marketing businesses;
● Inbound or outbound telemarketers;
● Prepaid phone cards or phone services;
● Rebate-based businesses;
● Up-sell merchants;
● Bill payment services;
● Betting, including lottery tickets, sports related gambling, casino gaming chips, off-track
betting, and wagers at races;
● Manual or automated cash disbursements;
22

● Prepaid cards, cheques, insurance or other financial merchandise or services;
● Sales of money orders or foreign currency;
● Wire transfer money orders;
● Telemarketing sales;
● Automated fuel dispensers;
● Adult entertainment oriented products or services (in any medium, including internet,
telephone, or printed material);
● Sales of: (i) firearms, firearm parts or hardware, and ammunition; or (ii) weapons and other
devices designed to cause physical injury;
● internet/mail order/telephone order of age restricted products;
● Cigarettes or tobacco;
● Occult materials;
● Hate or harmful products;
● Escort services;
● Bankruptcy lawyers or collection agencies engaged in the collection of debt; or
● Travel agency services.
2.5. Reporting
Under the PCMLTFA, Square Canada has obligations to report certain transactions to FINTRAC and
other agencies. Such transactions are reported using the following types of reports.
2.5.1. Suspicious Transaction Report
A suspicious transaction report STR is a type of report that must be submitted to FINTRAC in the
event Square Canada has reasonable grounds to suspect that a financial transaction that occurs or is
attempted in the course of its business activities is related to the commission or the attempted
commission of an ML/TF or Sanctions Evasion (“SEˮ) offence10.
Square Canada takes specific measures to enable the Company to establish there are reasonable
grounds to suspect the transaction is related to the commission of an ML/TF/SE offence. These
measures include:
● Screening for an identifying suspicious transactions;
● Assessing the facts and context surrounding the suspicious transaction;
● Linking ML/TF/SE indicators to an assessment of the facts and context; and
● Explaining the grounds for suspicion in an STR, where Square Canada has articulated how
the facts, context and ML/TF/SE indicators allowed the Company to reach reasonable
grounds for suspicion.
10 Sanctions evasion offence means an offence arising from the contravention of a restriction or prohibition established by
an order or a regulation made under the United Nations Act, the Special Economic Measures Act or the Justice for Victims
of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act.
23

If Square Canada is in receipt of a production order from law enforcement or the Canada Revenue
Agency CRA or receives negative media from a reputable source in respect of a customer, Square
Canada will perform an assessment of the facts, context, and indicators to determine whether it has
reasonable grounds to suspect that a particular transaction is related to the commission of money
laundering and/or terrorist financing. Production orders will be escalated and reviewed by the
RAMLO as necessary.
Square Canada will submit STRs to FINTRAC as soon as practicable after completing the measures
required to establish reasonable grounds to suspect that a transaction is related to the commission
of an ML/TF/SE offence. As soon as practicable means that once the reasonable grounds to suspect
threshold has been reached, Square Canada will prioritize the development and submission of the
STR to FINTRAC. Square Canada will not give unreasonable priority to other transaction monitoring
activities such that the submission of STRs is delayed.
STRs will be filed whether or not the transaction or activity is completed. There is no dollar threshold
for filing a STR and this reporting requirement applies in respect of all financial transactions that
occur or are attempted in the course of Square Canadaʼs activities even if the transaction does not
constitute money services business activity.
It is important not to let the customer know that Square Canada is filing an STR. It is against the law
to deliberately “tip offˮ a customer about a potential investigation. When Square Canada files an STR
in respect of a customer, Square Canada will treat that customer as high risk and will apply the
enhanced risk-mitigation measures set out in this Policy. The RAMLO will also consider whether
maintaining the relationship with such customers falls within Square Canadaʼs established
risk-tolerance level. It is important to note that where Square Canada files an STR in respect of a
customer, it is required to continue to file STRs on all customer transactions unless the facts that
gave rise to the suspicion no longer exist.
2.5.2. Listed Person or Entity Property Report
Listed person or entity property reporting requirements under the PCMLTFA and associated
regulations pertain to the reporting of terrorist or sanctioned property. A Listed Person or Entity
Property Report LPEPR will be submitted to FINTRAC immediately in the event Square Canada is
required to make a disclosure under:
● Section 83.1 of the Criminal Code
● An order or regulation made under the United Nations Act
● An order or regulation made under the Special Economic Measures Act
● Section 72 of the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act Sergei Magnitsky
Law)
Property is anything owned or controlled by a person or entity, whether tangible or intangible. It
includes real and personal property, as well as deeds and instruments that give a title or right to
property, or to receive money or goods. It also includes any property that has been converted or
exchanged, or acquired from any conversion or exchange.
24

It is common for sanctions regulations to prohibit or restrict dealings with certain persons (both
individuals and entities). In such cases, the relevant sanctions regulation will refer to “listed,ˮ
“named,ˮ or “designatedˮ persons. These terms are often used interchangeably when discussing
sanctions, although regulations are specific in their usage of the terms.
A listed person or entity is defined as follows11:
● a terrorist group under the Criminal Code
● a person or entity that is the subject of an order or regulation made under the United
Nations Act
● a person or entity that is the subject of an order or regulation made under the Special
Economic Measures Act
● a foreign state that is the subject of an order or regulation made under the Special
Economic Measures Act or the United Nations Act
● a person who is the subject of an order or regulation made under section 4 of the Justice
for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act Sergei Magnitsky Law)
Definition of a terrorist group under the Criminal Code
A listed person or entity includes a terrorist group, as defined in subsection 83.011 of the Criminal
Code:
● An entity that has as one of its purposes or activities facilitating or carrying out any terrorist
activity
● A listed entity
● An association of such entities
A listed entity is one that appears on a list established under section 83.05 of the Criminal Code. This
list is a public means of identifying a group or individuals as being associated with terrorist activity.
Definition of a foreign state, that is the subject of an order or regulation made under the Special
Economic Measures Act or the United Nations Act
Listed entities include a foreign state that is the subject of an order or regulation made under the
United Nations Act or the Special Economic Measures Act.
According to section 2 of the Special Economic Measures Act, a foreign state is a country other than
Canada and includes:
● any political subdivision of a foreign state
● the government and any department of a foreign state or of a political subdivision thereof
● any agency of a foreign state or of a political subdivision thereof
In addition to the submission of a LPEPR to FINTRAC, Square Canada will further disclose without
delay to the Commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police or to the Director of the Canadian
Security Intelligence Service information on the following:
11 A person or entity could include an individual, group, corporation, trust, partnership or fund, or an unincorporated
association or organization
25

Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act
● Under subsection 72 of the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act, the
existence of property in Squareʼs possession or control that Square has reason to believe is
owned, held or controlled by or on behalf of a foreign national who is the subject of an
order or regulation made under section 4
In addition, Square will disclose information about a transaction or proposed transaction in respect of
such property.
United Nations Act
● In accordance with the duty to disclose under an order or regulation made under the United
Nations Act, the existence of property in Squareʼs possession or control that Square has
reason to believe is owned, held or controlled by or on behalf of a designated person
● Compliance partners with the Global Sanctions Team to ensure familiarity with the
disclosure thresholds provided for in each order or regulation, as they may vary depending
on the particular order or regulation, including any changes to existing ones or the
introduction of new ones as they come into force
In addition, Square will disclose information about a transaction or proposed transaction in respect of
such property.
Special Economic Measures Act
● In accordance with the duty to disclose under an order or regulation made under the
Special Economic Measures Act, the existence of property in Squareʼs possession or
control that Square has reason to believe is owned, held or controlled by or on behalf of a
listed person
● Compliance partners with the Global Sanctions Team to ensure familiarity with the
disclosure thresholds provided for in each order or regulation, as they may vary depending
on the particular order or regulation, including any changes to existing ones or the
introduction of new ones as they come into force
In addition, Square will disclose information about a transaction or proposed transaction in respect of
such property.
Obligation to Freeze Property/File an STR
If Square Canada believes that a transaction is related to property owned or controlled by or on
behalf of a terrorist or a terrorist group, Square Canada will not complete the transaction and will
notify the RAMLO immediately. Such property will be frozen and Square Canada will be prohibited
from entering into any further transactions with the customer. In the event that Square Canada is
unsure whether it is dealing with a terrorist but suspects such is the case, Square Canada will file an
STR in respect of the customer and the transaction.
26

Penalties for Non-Compliance
Failure to submit a LPEPR or comply with these obligations may result in penalties as outlined in the
PCMLTFA and associated regulations.
2.5.3. Other Reports
Under the PCMLTFA, there are additional transaction reports that must be submitted to FINTRAC by
an MSB when conducting specific transactions involving cash, international electronic funds
transfers and/or virtual currency. None of these products or transaction types are offered by Square
Canada; however, in the event the business activities of Square Canada eventually extend to include
these transaction types, such additional transaction reporting will be implemented.
These additional reports include:
● Large Cash Transaction Report (“LCTRˮ): applicable when a reporting entity receives an
amount of $10,000 or more in cash in the course of a single transaction; or a reporting
entity receives two or more cash amounts of less than $10,000 each that total $10,00 or
more and the transactions were made within 24 consecutive hours of each other by or on
behalf of the same individual or entity. LCTRs must be submitted to FINTRAC within 15
calendar days of the transaction(s).
● Large Virtual Currency Transaction Report (“LVCTRˮ): applicable when a reporting entity
receives virtual currency in an amount equivalent to $10,000 or more in a single
transaction; or a reporting entity receives two or more amounts of virtual currency that total
$10,000 or more within 24 consecutive hours of each other by or on behalf of the same
individual or entity or for the same beneficiary. LVCTRs must be submitted to FINTRAC
within five working days of the transaction(s).
● International Electronic Funds Transfer Report (“EFTRˮ): applicable when a reporting entity
either:
○ Is the final recipient of an international EFT of $10,000 or more in a single
transaction; or is the final recipient of two or more international EFTs that total
$10,000 or more within 24 consecutive hours of each other and the transactions
are conducted by or on behalf of the same individual or entity or for the same
beneficiary; or
○ Initiates an international EFT of $10,000 or more in a single transaction; or initiates
two or more international EFTs that total $10,000 or more within 24 consecutive
hours of each other and the transactions are conducted by or on behalf of the same
individual or entity or for the same beneficiary.
2.6. Record Keeping
27

Square Canada will keep all records in such a manner that they can be provided to FINTRAC within
30-days of a request. Records will be kept in machine-readable or electronic form such that a paper
copy can easily be produced upon request. In accordance with regulations under the PCMLTFA,
Square Canada will retain records for a minimum period of either: (i) five-years from the date of the
last transaction conducted by the customer in respect of records relating to confirmation of an
entityʼs existence, information records (as defined below), PEP records, beneficial ownership
records, and service agreement records (as set out below); and (ii) five-years from the date the
record was created, in all other cases.
Square Canada is required to retain the following records:
● A copy of every report submitted to FINTRAC
○ Suspicious Transaction Report
○ Listed Person or Entity Property Report
○ Large Cash Transaction Report12
○ Large Virtual Currency Transaction Report13
○ Electronic Funds Transfer Report14
● Large cash transaction records15
● Large virtual currency transaction records16
● Records of transactions of transactions of $3,000 or more
○ Issuance of travellerʼs cheques, money orders or other similar negotiable
instruments17
○ Redemption of money orders18
● Records of remitting and transmitting $1,000 or more in funds by means other than an
electronic funds transfer
○ When Square Canada transmits $1,000 or more in funds at the request of a person
or an entity by means other than an electronic funds transfer, the following records
will be retained:
■ The date of the transmission;
■ The type and amount of each fund involved in the transmission;
■ If the customer is a person, their name, address, telephone number, date of
birth and their occupation, or in the case of a sole-proprietor, the nature of
their principal business;
■ If the customer is an entity, their name, address, telephone number and the
nature of their principal business;
■ The exchange rates used and their source;
■ The name and address of each beneficiary;
■ The number of every account involved in the transaction; and
12 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve transactions conducted in cash.
13 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve transactions conducted in virtual currency.
14 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve international electronic funds transfers.
15 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve transactions conducted in cash.
16 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve transactions conducted in virtual currency.
17 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve transactions for the issuance of travellerʼs
cheques, money orders or other similar negotiable instruments.
18 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve transactions for the redemption of money
orders.
28

■ Every reference number related to the transaction that is meant to be similar
to an account number.
○ When Square Canada remits $1,000 or more in funds to a beneficiary at the request
of a person or an entity by means other than an electronic funds transfer, the
following records will be retained:
■ The date of the remittance;
■ The type and amount of each fund involved in the remittance;
■ The exchange rates used for the remittance and their source;
■ The name of the person or entity who requested the remittance;
■ The name, address, telephone number, date of birth and occupation, or in
the case of a sole-proprietor, the nature of their principal business of each
person who is a beneficiary;
■ The name, address, telephone number and the nature of their principal
business of each entity that is a beneficiary;
■ The number of every account involved in the transaction; and
■ Every reference number related to the transaction that is meant to be similar
to an account number.
● Records of electronic funds transfers of $1,000 or more
○ When Square Canada initiates, at the request of a person or entity, an electronic
funds transfer of $1,000 or more, the following records will be retained:
■ The date the EFT was initiated;
■ The amount and type of funds involved in the initiation;
■ If the customer is a person, their name, address, telephone number, date of
birth and their occupation, or in the case of a sole-proprietor, the nature of
their principal business;
■ If the customer is an entity, their name, address, telephone number and the
nature of their principal business;
■ The exchange rates used and their source;
■ The name and address of each beneficiary;
■ If an account is involved in the initiation:
● The account number and account type; and
● The name of each account holder;
■ Every reference number related to the transaction that is meant to be similar
to an account number; and
■ The number of every account that is involved in the EFT, other than those
involved in the initiation.
○ Sending an international electronic funds transfer of $1,000 or more19
○ Final receipt of an international electronic funds transfer of $1,000 or more20
● Records of virtual currency transfers in amounts equivalent to $1,000 or more
○ Virtual currency transfer in an amount equivalent to $1,00021
○ Receipt of virtual currency in an amount equivalent to $1,000 or more for
remittances to a beneficiary22
19 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve international electronic funds transfers.
20 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve international electronic funds transfers.
21 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve transactions conducted in virtual currency.
22 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve transactions conducted in virtual currency.
29

● Foreign currency exchange transaction tickets23
● Virtual currency exchange tickets24
● Crowdfunding platform services records
○ As an MSB that provides crowdfunding platform services to persons and entities in
Canada, Square Canada retains the following records:
■ An information records about the person or entity that Square Canada is
providing those services for;
■ A record of the purpose for which funds are being raised; and
■ If the funds are being raised for a person or entity other than the person or
entity setting up the fundraiser:
● A record of their name;
● Reasonable measures will be taken to obtain their address, nature of
their principal business or occupation, their date of birth (in the case
of a person) and a record of the information obtained will be
retained
● Created or received internal memorandums about MSB services
○ Square Canada will retain a record of every internal memorandum that is created or
received in the normal course of business regarding MSB services offered to
clients.
● Service agreement records
○ When Square Canada enters into an agreement with a person or entity to provide
an MSB service under section 5(h) of the PCMLTFA, the following records will be
retained:
■ The name, address, date of birth, and occupation or in the case of a
sole-proprietor, the nature of their principal business, of every person who
signs the agreement on behalf of the entity;
■ An information record about the entity, which must include:
● Name and address of the entity; and
● The nature of the entityʼs principal business;
■ If the entity is a corporation, a copy of the part of its official records that
contains provisions relating to the power to bind the corporation in respect
of transactions with the MSB;
■ A list that includes the name, address and date of birth of each of the
entityʼs employees who are authorized to order a transaction under the
agreement;
● Third party determination records;
● Reasonable measures records;
● Client identification records;
● Beneficial ownership records;
● Records in respect of the nature of the business relationship between Square and Sellers,
respectively;
● PEP records; and
23 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve foreign currency exchange transactions.
24 Not applicable as the business activities of Square Canada do not involve transactions conducted in virtual currency.
30

● Records in respect of conducted ongoing monitoring: ongoing monitoring measures taken,
the process in place to record the information obtained from ongoing monitoring, and the
information obtained as a result of ongoing monitoring.
2.7. The Travel Rule
The travel rule is the requirement to ensure that specific information is included with the information
sent or received in an EFT or a VC transfer. Information received under the travel rule cannot be
removed from a transfer.
Square Canada will include the following travel rule information when it initiates an EFT for which an
EFT record must be kept:
● The name, address and account number or other reference number (if any) of the person
or entity who requested the transfer (originator information);
● The name and address of the beneficiary; and
● If applicable, the beneficiary's account number or other reference number.
Square Canada will take reasonable measures to ensure that travel rule information is included when
it receives an EFT, either as an intermediary or as the final recipient. When sending an incoming or
outgoing EFT (after receiving it as an intermediary), Square Canada will include the travel rule
information it received or obtained through reasonable measures.
In the event Square Canada receives an EFT that should include the travel rule information but does
not, reasonable measures will be taken to obtain that information. And if after taking reasonable
measures, Square Canada is unable to obtain the travel rule information:
● Square Canada will continue to allow the EFT to be processed; or
● If the EFT has been deemed unusual for any reason, Square Canada will suspend or reject
the transaction and request additional information from all persons involved in the EFT.
As at the time of writing, Square Canadaʼs Managed Payments Service does not facilitate the
prescribed EFTs25 to which the Travel Rule applies. Square Canada settles its payment obligations
with merchants using low-value domestic rails; and Square Canada does not conduct either
international EFTs or EFTs within Canada that are sent via SWIFT MT103 message or equivalent.
2.8. Ministerial Directives
Under the PCMLTFA, the Minister of Finance may:
25 International EFTs and EFTs within Canada sent via SWIFT MT103 message or its equivalent.
31

● Issue directives that require reporting entities to apply countermeasures to transactions
coming from or going to designated foreign jurisdictions or entities; and
● Recommend the introduction of regulations to restrict reporting entities from entering into a
financial transaction coming from or going to designated foreign jurisdictions or entities.
These authorities are intended to allow the Minister of Finance to take steps to protect Canadaʼs
financial system from foreign jurisdictions and foreign entities that are considered to present high
risks for facilitating money laundering and terrorist financing. Failure to comply with a directive could
result in an administrative monetary penalty.
Although issued by the Minister of Finance, FINTRAC will inform reporting entities that a directive
has been issued. Each directive will be listed on FINTRACʼs website and will include an outline of
countermeasures that are limited to the same activities for which reporting entities already have
obligations. The countermeasures will enhance or add to these obligations. Directives will specify
the date they came into force and will remain in force until officially revoked, suspended or amended.
Directives will be reviewed every three years from the day they take effect.
Square Canadaʼs CCO will take the following steps in the event a Ministerial Directive is issued:
● Review the directive;
● Determine the impact of the directive on Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF risk assessment; and
● Where the ministerial directive impacts operations, update the AML/ATF Program and
ensure the countermeasures specified in the directive are implemented.
There are currently three directives issued by the Minister of Finance: 1 Ministerial Directive on the
Democratic Peopleʼs Republic of Korea (also known as North Korea or DPRK issued on December 9,
2017 (the North Korea Directive); 2 Ministerial Directive on the Islamic Republic of Iran issued on
July 25, 2020 (the Iran Directive) and updated on February 24, 2024; and 3 Ministerial Directive on
Financial Transactions Associated with Russia issued on February 24, 2024.
The North Korea Directive requires that all transactions originating from, or destined to, North Korea
be considered high risk.
The Iran Directive requires Square Canada to:
● treat every financial transaction originating from or bound for Iran, regardless of its amount,
as a high-risk transaction;
● verify the identity of any individual or entity requesting or benefiting from such a
transaction in accordance with the identification methods described in the Square Canada
AML/ATF Procedures;
● exercise customer due diligence, including ascertaining the source of funds in any such
transaction, the purpose of the transaction and, where applicable, the beneficial ownership
or control of any entity requesting or benefiting from the transaction;
● keep and retain a record of any such transaction, in accordance with this Policy; and
● report all such transactions to FINTRAC.
The Russia Directive requires Square Canada to:
32

● treat every financial transaction originating from or bound for Russia, regardless of its
amount, as a high-risk transaction;
● verify the identity of any individual or entity requesting or benefiting from such a
transaction in accordance with the identification methods described in the Square Canada
AML/ATF Procedures;
● exercise customer due diligence, including ascertaining the source of funds in any such
transaction, the purpose of the transaction and, where applicable, the beneficial ownership
or control of any entity requesting or benefiting from the transaction; and
● keep and maintain a record of any such transaction, in accordance with this Policy,
regardless of any monetary thresholds.
2.9. Cooperation with Law Enforcement
Square Canadaʼs Law Enforcement team maintains controls and procedures by which to respond to
law enforcement requests and subpoenas. All such requests are managed in accordance with local
laws and regulations. The receipt of a law enforcement request for information will at a minimum
trigger review of the customer; and may further prompt the filing of an STR (where warranted) and
escalation to senior compliance management for re-assessment of the customer risk and overall
relationship.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
All employees have a role to play in protecting Square Canada from being used for the commission
of a money laundering or terrorist financing offence. The information below identifies some of the
important responsibilities held by different stakeholders in respect of the ongoing management of
Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF compliance program.
● Square Canada Inc. Board of Directors:
○ Maintain ultimate responsibility for the AML/ATF Program and influence over the
accepted risk tolerance of Square Canada
○ Promote a culture of compliance by way of appointing a compliance officer and
reviewing Square Canadaʼs Risk Assessment and the results of the independent
effectiveness review
○ Ensure senior management is provided with adequate resources to implement
controls and measures designed to mitigate ML/TF risk
○ Approval of framework AML/ATF Policy and Procedures
● Square Canada Chief Compliance Officer and Regional Anti-Money Laundering
Compliance Officer (“RAMLOˮ):
○ Act as the administrator of the Square Canada AML/ATF Policy and Program
33

○ Coordinate, manage, and monitor Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF program
○ Review and update Square Canada AML/ATF Policy and Program documents
annually and upon any material change
○ Oversight responsibility of the Square Canada AML KYC, including CDD and EDD
programs, monitoring programs, risk-based approach, and training.
● Square Global Head of Compliance:
○ Assist in coordinating, managing, and monitoring Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF
program
○ Approve Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF Policy and Program documents annually and
upon any material change
● Square Compliance Operations Team:
○ Executes the Square Canada AML/ATF mandate
○ Support the RAMLOʼs mandate for Square Canada AML/ATF program content,
design, and implementation, and facilitates regular reporting to Senior Management
and the Board with pertinent information regarding the AML/ATF Program
effectiveness and adequacy
○ Work with the Square Canada RAMLO to implement programmatic changes as
necessary
○ Responsible for managing transaction monitoring solutions, including developing
new rules, the modification and maintenance of existing rules
○ Conducts identification, investigation (including EDD and ongoing transaction and
sanction monitoring and supports management of high risk clients based on
approved methodologies by the RAMLO
● Global Compliance Governance Team:
○ Executes the Square Canada AML/ATF Risk Assessment Program
○ Oversee the management of AML/ATF independent effectiveness reviews
○ Supports the execution of Square Canadaʼs AML/ATF training program
○ Works with the Square Canada RAMLO to implement programmatic changes as
necessary
● Square Partner Risk Compliance Team:
○ Work with the RAMLO to ensure effective oversight and challenge over outsourced
AML/ATF compliance functions
○ Work with the Square Canada RAMLO to implement programmatic changes as
necessary
○ Work with RAMLO to manage and implement payment card network operator or
banking partner requirements (where applicable)
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
34

● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Square Canada | AML/ATF Procedures
● Square Canada | AML/ATF Risk Assessment
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
35

Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Jeff White Square Canada Creation Initial creation of April 18, 2023
RAMLO document
Laura Square Head of Initial Approval April 19, 2023
Fragomeni Compliance
Square Canada Initial Approval June 15, 2023
Inc. Board of
Directors
Jeff White Square Canada Scheduled R… Annual Review February 15, 2024
RAMLO and Approval
Laura Square Head of Scheduled R… March 15, 2024
Fragomeni Compliance
Square Canada Scheduled R… March 20, 2024
Inc. Board of
Directors
Jeff White Square Canada Scheduled R… Annual Review February 15, 2025
RAMLO and Approval
Tyler Hand Square Head of Scheduled R… February 20,
Compliance 2025
(designate)
Square Canada Scheduled R… March 12, 2025
Inc. Board of
Directors
Jeff White Square Canada Scheduled R… Annual Review February 6, 2026
RAMLO and Approval
Safiya Square Head of Scheduled R… February 10, 2026
Adenekan Compliance
(designate)
Square Canada Scheduled R… March 11, 2026
Inc. Board of
Directors
Document Details:
Business Square
36

Scope Regional Canada
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Square Head of Compliance (designate)
Approved By Square Canada Board of Directors
Document Tier Tier 1
37