Bitcoin (BTC) Travel Rule
Program
Cash App | US
June 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 3
Roles & Responsibilities 4
1. Introduction 5
2. Purpose 5
3. Scope 5
4. Program Requirements 6
4.1 Travel Rule Applicability: On-Chain Bitcoin Withdrawals to VASPs 6
4.2 On-Chain Bitcoin Withdrawals to Self-hosted Wallets 7
5. Document Management 7
5.1 Document Owner 7
5.2 Review and Approval 7
6. Training 8
7. Monitoring and Reporting 8
8. Exceptions 8
9. Recordkeeping & Record Retention 8
10. Related Documents or References 8
11. Revision and Approval History 9
12. Document Details 9
Bitcoin Travel Rule Program | Cash App 2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”) Passed in 1970 and amended several times, a U.S. law requiring financial
institutions to assist U.S. government agencies in detecting and
preventing money laundering.
Eligible Customer To be eligible for increased limits, customers must meet defined criteria
which has been approved in writing by the Head of Product Compliance.
Financial Action Task The Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”) is the global money laundering
Force (“FATF”) and terrorist financing watchdog. It sets international standards that aim
to prevent these illegal activities and the harm they cause to society.
Financial Institution Each agent, agency, branch, or office within the U.S. of any person doing
business in one or more capacity as a bank, a broker or dealer in
securities, a money services business, a casino, a commodities broker or
dealer, among other things.
Financial Crimes FinCEN is a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. FinCEN’s
Enforcement Network mission is to safeguard the financial system from illicit use and combat
(“FinCEN”) money laundering and promote national security through the collection,
analysis, and dissemination of financial intelligence and strategic use of
financial authorities.1
Staff Member All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Program, and include
interns, temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers,
and contractors.
Travel Rule BSA rule [31 C.F.R. 1010.410(f)]—often called the “Travel” rule—requires
financial institutions to pass on certain information to the next financial
institution, in certain funds transmittals involving more than one financial
institution.
Travel Rule Universal A platform that allows virtual asset service providers to securely send
Solution Technology customer information as required by the Travel Rule.
(“TRUST”)
Virtual Asset A digital representation of value that can be digitally traded, or
transferred, and can be used for payment or investment purposes. Virtual
1 https://www.fincen.gov/what-we-do
Bitcoin Travel Rule Program | Cash App 3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
assets do not include digital representations of fiat currencies, securities
and other financial assets.2
Roles & Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Product Compliance Provide advisory support to product and compliance to devise a strategy
Management for compliance with the Travel Rule.
Regulatory Counsel Provide legal requirements as it pertains to the Travel Rule to ensure
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Compliance Operations Own and execute the procedure to enable compliance with the Travel
Rule.
2https://www.fatf-gafi.org/content/dam/fatf-gafi/guidance/Updated-Guidance-VA-VASP.pdf.coredownload.in
line.pdf
Bitcoin Travel Rule Program | Cash App 4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
Cash App is committed to complying with applicable laws, regulations, and guidelines to prevent, monitor for,
detect and report possible money laundering, financial crimes, and terrorist financing.
The Bitcoin Travel Rule Program outlines the strategy and method by which Cash App meets the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”) and other regulators’ expectations set forth by the Funds Transfer
Rule, often referred to as the “Travel Rule” 31 C.F.R. 1010.410(f).
2. Purpose
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The framework for this
Program applies to the use of virtual currency (e.g. Bitcoin) on Cash App, including where the virtual assets
are transmitted to a Virtual Asset Service Provider (herein referred to as “VASP”) in the amount of $3,000 or
more. Cash App has adopted this framework as a matter of risk management with respect to destinations for
withdrawals at or above the Travel Rule threshold.
3. Scope
This Program is established by Cash App, U.S., a line of business under Block, Inc., and is applicable to its
Bitcoin services.
The Travel Rule requires that financial institutions, including money transmitters, collect, retain, and transmit
information on funds transferred to another financial institution. Specifically, the rule requires that the
information must be sent in the transmittal order. FinCEN guidance clarifies that the Travel Rule applies to
virtual currency transactions.3.
FinCEN has stated its expectation that VASPs comply with the Funds Travel Rule 31 CFR 1010.410(f), which
requires firms like Cash App to collect and retain the specified information from customers for transmissions
of virtual assets that are equivalent to $3,000 or more.
Information to be sent with transmittal order:
● Sender’s name;
3 FinCEN 2019 Virtual Currency Guidance.
Bitcoin Travel Rule Program | Cash App 5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Sender’s account number;
● Sender’s physical address/ID number/wallet address/date and place of birth;
● Amount of transaction;
● Execution date;
● Identity of recipient’s financial institution; and
● To the extent Cash App receives the following information:
○ Recipient’s name;
○ Recipient’s physical address;
○ Recipient’s account number if available.
4. Program Requirements
4.1 Travel Rule Applicability: On-Chain Bitcoin Withdrawals to VASPs
Cash App allows customers to purchase, sell, send (peer-to-peer), withdraw and deposit Bitcoin via Cash
App. To enable Bitcoin withdrawals and deposits, customers must first undergo document identification
verification.
Cash App maintains a set of withdrawal limits that reduces the applicability of the Travel Rule to its products
and features; most customers may only withdraw up to $2,000 per day. Eligible Customers are subject to
higher limits, and Cash App has integrated with the Travel Rule Universal Solution Technology (“TRUST”) to
facilitate Travel Rule compliance for such higher limit transactions. TRUST is a Travel Rule solution platform
that facilitates the sharing of customer information with other member (and non-member) VASPs. By
integrating with TRUST, when transmitting a withdrawal, the receiving VASP, also a TRUST member, confirms
ownership of the wallet address, which then triggers the secure sending of the requisite customer
information in a message to the receiving VASP. In turn, when Cash App receives a Bitcoin deposit from a
TRUST member, that transaction is accompanied by the sender’s personally identifiable information.
FinCEN expects VASPs like Cash App to maintain Travel Rule documentation with regard to self-hosted
wallets, but Cash App is not required to transmit the information anywhere, because there is no other
financial institution involved in the transaction. For withdrawals to another VASP, FinCEN expects the
sending institution (Cash App) to transmit Travel Rule information to the receiving institution.
Bitcoin Travel Rule Program | Cash App 6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2 On-Chain Bitcoin Withdrawals to Self-hosted Wallets
Travel Rule reporting obligations in the U.S. are typically understood to not apply to transactions involving
self-hosted wallets. Since self-hosted wallets do not typically meet the definition of financial institution,4
Cash App has determined that, while the reporting aspect of the Travel Rule may not apply to transfers to
self-hosted wallets,5 the recordkeeping aspects may still apply, so Cash App must retain information, even
when not transmitted onwards.6
Cash App will evaluate, on an ad hoc basis, requests from customers who intend to transmit more than
$10,000/daily in Bitcoin. Cash App’s Compliance Operations team is responsible for implementing and
maintaining the process to comply with this Travel Rule program. Compliance Operations maintains a
dedicated email address for Travel Rule correspondence with the receiving VASP.
Please refer to the Bitcoin (BTC) Funds Transfer EDD Procedure for more details on the process.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the CashApp Bitcoin Product Compliance Manager or its designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Program effectively. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are
outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
4 31 CFR 1010.100(t) and 31 CFR 1010.410(f).
5 Although FinCEN has not specifically addressed the Travel Rule in the context of self-hosted wallets, the global standard setting
body, the Financial Action Task Force, released a standard generally mirroring the Travel Rule for transactions over $1,000 involving
VASPs like Cash App. FATF guidance states that VASPs need not transmit such information when sending digital assets from
VASPs to unhosted wallets. Even if not required to transmit that information, however, the FATF guidance advises that the VASP
should otherwise “adhere[] to the requirements” of its version of the Travel Rule—that is, the VASP should obtain and retain
accurate originator and beneficiary information, and make it available on request to authorities. In the absence of formal FinCEN
guidance, Cash App has determined that an approach consistent with this FATF guidance is prudent.
6 31 CFR 1010.410(e).
Bitcoin Travel Rule Program | Cash App 7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
7. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Program Owner and/or their designee in collaboration with Regulatory Counsel, will
monitor Program related activities to evaluate adherence to the Program and determine whether outputs
adhere to established objectives.
8. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Program, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Program exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the
exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team
at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable
committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Recordkeeping & Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
10. Related Documents or References
Related Documents:
Related Procedure Bitcoin (BTC) Funds Transfer EDD Procedure
Related References:
Regulation Name FinCEN Funds Transfer Rule C.F.R. 1010.410(f)
Bitcoin Travel Rule Program | Cash App 8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
11. Revision and Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Sondah Ouattara Bitcoin Product Creation Drafted original February 2024
Compliance travel rule policy
Manager
Jason Liberman Head of Product Initial Appro… Review and March 19, 2024
Compliance, Cash approve initial
App draft
Jason Liberman Head of Product Material Cha… Approval of Jul 10, 2024
Compliance, Cash updated language
App around
withdrawal limit
being aggregated
by SSN and
template update
Sondah Ouattara Bitcoin Product Material Cha… Material change Apr 17, 2025
Compliance regarding TRUST
Manager integration and
record retention
Kelly Zigaitis Head of Material Cha… for self-hosted Jun 23, 2025
Compliance, wallet
Emerging transactions
Businesses
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [US]
Compliance Domain Anti-Financial Crimes
Document Owner CashApp Bitcoin Product Compliance Manager
Last Approval Date June 23, 2025
Effective Date June 23, 2025
Approved By Head of Compliance, Emerging Businesses
Document Review Schedule Annually [June 2026]
Bitcoin Travel Rule Program | Cash App 9