New Zealand
AML/CFT
Programme
Afterpay | Afterpay NZ Limited
January 2026
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 2

Confidential
Table of Contents
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block,
Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
2
1. Introduction 10
1.1 Afterpay NZ overview 10
1.2 Designated business group 12
1.3 Application of the AML/CFT Act to Afterpay NZ 13
1.4 Purpose and coverage of this AML/CFT Programme 14
1.5 Afterpay NZ’s AML/CFT Supervisor 15
1.6 Definitions 15
1.7 Roles & Appointment Dates 18
2. Governance and Oversight 19
2.1 Governance and oversight 19
2.2 Appointment and role of AML/CFT Compliance Officer 20
2.2.1 Appointment 20
2.2.2 Role 21
2.3 Independent audits 22
2.4 DIA feedback 22
3. Risk Assessment 22
3.1 Introduction 22
3.2 Summary of risk assessment result 23
3.3 Ongoing risk assessment 23
4. Reporting Obligations 25
4.1 Annual AML/CFT reports 25
4.2 Suspicious activity reporting 26
4.3 Tipping off offence 27
4.4 Ongoing due diligence in the event of a suspicious activity report 27
5. Ongoing account monitoring and CDD 27
5.1 Ongoing account monitoring 28
5.1.1 Automated transaction monitoring program 29
5.1.2 Manual transaction monitoring program 29
5.2 Ongoing CDD 30
6. Staff Training and Due Diligence Programme 31
6.1 AML awareness training 31
6.1.1 Onboarding training 32
6.1.2 Refresher training 32
6.2 Employee due diligence 32
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 3

Confidential
6.3 Employee management 33
7. Customer Due Diligence 33
7.1 Customer due diligence - Merchants 33
7.1.1 Merchant type 34
7.1.2 Beneficial owners 34
7.1.3 Effective control 35
7.1.4 Merchant identity verification - reliance on third parties 35
7.1.5 Merchant risk assessment 36
7.2 Customer due diligence - Consumers 37
7.2.1 Collection of identity information 37
7.2.2 Adoption of Electronic Verification Code of Practice 2013 38
7.2.3 Additional measures 38
7.2.4 Electronic Verification 39
7.2.5 Alternative Method of Verification 41
7.2.6 Exception handling process 42
7.3 Politically exposed person 43
7.4 Enhanced customer due diligence 43
7.4.1 Enhanced customer due diligence - Merchants 43
7.4.2 Enhanced customer due diligence - Consumers 44
7.4.3 Process 45
8. Record Keeping 46
8.1 General record keeping obligations 46
8.2 Suspicious activity records 47
8.3 Other records 47
8.4 Record keeping policy 48
8.5 Destruction of records 48
9. SCHEDULE 1 49
Electronic Verification Standards 49
9.1 Electronic verification services 49
9.2 Databases used 50
9.3 Discrepancy management 51
9.3.1 Discrepancy management scoring 51
10. SCHEDULE 2 54
List of Authorised Trusted Referees 54
Certification 54
11. SCHEDULE 3 55
Merchant CDD 55
10.1 Risk assessment 55
10.2 Merchant type 55
10.3 Merchant identification requirements 55
10.3.1 Sole Traders (Individuals) 56
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 4

Confidential
10.3.2 Companies 56
10.3.3 Trusts 57
10.3.4 Partnerships 58
10.3.5 Listed issuers 59
10.3.6 Association, Societies & Clubs 59
10.4 Procedure for the collection and verification of Merchant identification information 60
10.5 Reporting discrepancies 60
10.6 Additional information requirements under Regulation 11 and 11A 60
11. Document Management 61
11.1 Document Owner 61
11.2 Revision & Approval History 61
11.3 Document Details 64
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 5

Confidential
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Afterpay NZ Afterpay NZ Limited NZBN 9429046246837
Afterpay Touch Group DBG Afterpay NZ Limited, Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 15 169
342 942) and Afterpay Pty Ltd (ACN 30 618 280 649) are
members of the Afterpay Touch Group Designated
Business Group.
AML/CFT Anti-Money Laundering & Countering Financing of
Terrorism
AML/CFT Act Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Financing of
Terrorism Act 2009
AML/CFT Programme or Afterpay NZ’s Anti-Money Laundering and Countering
Programme Financing of Terrorism Programme
Block Block, Inc., a Delaware, USA Corporation, with Delaware
registration number: 4699855 and Afterpay NZ’s parent
company.
BNPL service offering interest free instalment payments over a short
timeframe to Afterpay’s New Zealand consumers for the
purchase of low value consumer goods and services from
retail merchants, with a commitment to responsible
lending.
Board Afterpay NZ’s Board of Directors
CDD Customer Due Diligence
Consumer an individual end-consumer who utilises, or seeks to
utilise, Afterpay’s NZ BNPL services.
Customer a person to whom Afterpay NZ provides (or is asked to
provide) a service. This may include both Consumers and
Merchants.
ECDD Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
Employees The term “employees” will be construed broadly to include
all permanent and temporary employees, and contractors
and agents engaged on a full-time basis (but will not
include employees of Probe).
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 6

Confidential
Terminology Definition
The Financial Crime Operations The Financial Crime Operations (FCO) Team sits under
(“FCO”) Team Cash Compliance and assists in the day to day operations
of many of the processes underpinning this AML/CFT
Programme.
Frankie Frankie Financial Pty Ltd, an Australian based data
aggregator, to provide access to underlying data vendors
and sources.
GMCP Global Merchant Category Policy
IVCOP New Zealand Identity Verification Code of Practice 2013
KYC Know Your Customer
Merchant those individuals, partnerships, companies, associations,
societies & clubs, and trusts with whom Afterpay NZ has
an arrangement to pay the value of purchases made by a
Consumer using Afterpay NZ’s “buy-now-pay-later”
product and who offer goods or services for sale to
Consumers.
ML/TF Risk the risk that Afterpay NZ may reasonably face that its
services may involve or facilitate money laundering or
terrorism financing.
MOJ New Zealand Ministry of Justice
Money Laundering Money laundering is the concealment of money which
was made by carrying out illegal activities. There are
normally three steps in money laundering: placement,
layering and integration.
PEP or Politically Exposed a. an individual (Consumer or Merchant BO) who holds,
Person (“PEP”) or has held at any time in the preceding 12 months, in
any overseas country the prominent public function
of –
i. Head of State or head of a country or
government, or
ii. government minister or equivalent senior
politician; or
iii. Supreme Court Judge or equivalent senior
Judge; or
iv. governor of a central bank or any other position
that has comparable influence to the Governor
of Reserve Bank of New Zealand; or
v. senior foreign representative, ambassador, or
high commissioner; or
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 7

Confidential
Terminology Definition
vi. high‑ranking member of the armed forces; or
vii. board chair, chief executive, or chief financial
officer of, or any other position that has
comparable influence in, any State enterprise;
and
b. an immediate family member of a person referred to
in paragraph (a), including‑
i. a spouse; or
ii. a partner, being a person who is considered by
the relevant national law as equivalent to a
spouse;
iii. a child and a child’s spouse or partner; or
iv. a parent; and
c. having regard to information that is public or readily
available,
i. any individual who is known to have joint
beneficial ownership of a legal entity or legal
arrangement or any other close relationship,
with a person referred to in paragraph (a); or
ii. any individual who has sole beneficial
ownership of a legal entity or legal
arrangement that is known to exist for the
benefit of a person described in paragraph (a).
Reporting Entities providers of specific financial activities in relation to the
customers, as defined by the AML/CFT Act.
Risk Assessment Afterpay NZ ML/TF and Sanctions Risk Assessment,
which is the assessment of the ML/TF risk that underpins
the AML/CFT Programme.
Senior Management / Senior includes a member of Afterpay’s Leadership Team or a
Manager member of the Block Compliance Core organisation.
SAR Suspicious Activity Report
SOP Standard Operating Procedure
Source of Funds (“SOF”) Source of Funds of a Customer refers to the means by
which funds for a particular business relationship have
been generated.
Source of Wealth (“SOW”) Source of Wealth of a Customer refers to the activities
that generate the total net worth of an individual or
entity’s net assets and property.
Terrorism Financing (“TF”) Terrorism financing involves the use of money raised from
legitimate sources, such as donations and business
profits as well as money from illegal sources to fund
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 8

Confidential
Terminology Definition
terrorism. Those involved in terrorism financing often use
techniques similar to money launderers.
Unusual Activity Report (“UAR”) Unusual Activity Report. A UAR may be generated as a
result of either the Automated Transaction Monitoring
System or Manual Monitoring.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 9

Confidential
1. Introduction
Afterpay New Zealand Limited (“Afterpay NZ”) operates a technology driven buy now, pay later
(“BNPL”) business and launched in New Zealand (“NZ”) in August 2017. It is a subsidiary of Afterpay
Pty Ltd, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Block, Inc.1
Afterpay NZ is registered as a Reporting Entity with the Department of Internal Affairs (“DIA”) and is
a ‘non-bank, non-deposit taking lender (“NBNDTL”), i.e. a non-bank institution that lends to
customers but does not take deposits from those applying for funds. Afterpay NZ is registered via the
New Zealand Companies Office Financial Service Providers Register as a Financial Service Provider
((“FSP”) Number: FSP570687; NZBN: 9429046246837).
Afterpay NZ offers an alternative to high cost lending and traditional financial services (e.g., personal
loans and in‑store lay buys), offering interest free instalment payments over a short timeframe to
New Zealand customers (Consumers) for the purchase of low value consumer goods and services
from retail merchants (Merchants), with a commitment to responsible lending (BNPL service).
Afterpay NZ focuses on Merchants offering everyday lifestyle items, such as clothing, homewares,
fashion accessories and general merchandise. Afterpay NZ integrates its proprietary technology
platform directly onto a Merchant’s online store or in-store. Merchants offer their products to
Consumers with a BNPL offer. Consumers purchase products using Afterpay NZ’s services and the
Consumer repays Afterpay NZ over four instalments at no extra cost. Consumers fund the repayment
of the instalments to Afterpay from debit or credit cards. Afterpay NZ pays the Merchant the
purchase price of the goods (less a fee), and assumes all Consumer non-payment risk. Afterpay
settles these funds to the Merchant’s nominated bank account by providing instructions to its local
bank partner to make those payments.
1.1 Afterpay NZ overview
Afterpay NZ has only two types of customers: Merchants or Consumers.
In determining whether to offer Afterpay NZ’s services to particular Merchants2, in addition to the
considerations outlined in this Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Financing of Terrorism
1 Since 1 February 2022.
2 For avoidance of any doubt, Merchants must have an entity incorporated under New Zealand laws.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 10

Confidential
(“AML/CFT”) Programme (“Programme”), Afterpay NZ follows the Global Merchant Category Policy
(“GMCP”)3. The GMCP defines three levels of Merchant categories (i.e.,,Approved, Restricted and
Prohibited) which relate to the types of products or services a Merchant may offer. For example,
Afterpay NZ does not currently offer services to Merchants who sell (amongst other things)
weapons, ammunition, gambling services and counterfeit goods as these fall under the prohibited
category. Merchants must have a NZ bank account, hence services to Merchants are unavailable
outside of NZ. All funds are paid to and from NZ bank accounts. Limited exceptions may be made to
this requirement and would require escalation to the AML/CFT Compliance Officer.
Consumer customers are individuals with a residential address in NZ. They must also have a NZ
mobile telephone number and a current Visa or Mastercard credit or debit card which is issued by a
NZ financial institution. These financial institutions are subject to the Anti-Money Laundering and
Countering Financing of Terrorism Act of 2009 (AML/CFT Act) and relevant local regulatory
supervision. Afterpay NZ does not accept consumer payments made from international cards. All
Consumers are identified and verified in accordance with the requirements in this AML/CFT
Programme, on account set up. Although identification is primarily based on NZ identification
records, based on travel corridors between Australia and New Zealand, Afterpay NZexpects some
Consumers to retain identification records associated with Australian Government agencies.
Payments to fund purchases and settle funds to Merchants are conducted through payment
services provided by Afterpay NZ’s local bank partner, the Bank of New Zealand. Payments from
Consumers to Afterpay NZ are made via the Consumer’s debit or credit card via payment acquiring
partners, mainly Adyen, Stripe and Worldpay. Afterpay also uses virtual cards to facilitate in-store
BNPL for Consumers, which are issued to Afterpay NZ by Flexewallet NZ Ltd, who is a participant in
the Visa payment scheme.
Afterpay NZ has also entered a relationship with Apple Inc. and Google LLC that allows Consumers
who operate an ApplePay/GooglePay wallet account as a mechanism to fund repayments to their
Afterpay loan via their underlying debit or credit card and to store their Afterpay Card. Acting as a
payment authentication service, the underlying funding instruments used to repay these loans
continue to be NZ financial instruments. Afterpay NZ has conducted appropriate due diligence on
3 The purpose of the GMCP is to define the categories or verticals of goods and services which may potentially
introduce and expose Afterpay to certain risks and therefore allocates categories on whether certain types of
Merchants should be prohibited, restricted or approved. The GMCP considers the following risk areas:
Merchant/Financial, Consumer, Reputational, Compliance (inc. ML/TF) and Partners & Payments.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 11

Confidential
the payment acquirers and intermediaries it uses and is satisfied that they have adequate processes
in place to support Afterpay NZ in managing the risk of money laundering and terrorist financing
(“ML/TF”) to its business.
Afterpay allows a NZ Consumer to purchase goods and services from Merchants who are customers
of Afterpay in other markets where Afterpay is located. For NZ Consumers, this is currently limited to
Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States. Reciprocally, a NZ Merchant can sell
goods and services to Consumers in those same markets. This payment mechanism is called Cross
Border Trade.
Afterpay NZ deals directly with Consumers or Merchants through electronic channels, i.e., mobile
applications and online websites. As there is only a specific range of services provided, the purpose of
the business relationship with Consumers or Merchants is usually clear. Afterpay does not conduct
occasional transactions, wire transfers, cash transactions nor other transactions that would be
subject to Prescribed Transaction Reporting obligations.
1.2 Designated business group
Afterpay NZ4, Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 15 169 342 942)5 and Afterpay Pty Ltd (ACN 30 618 280
649) are members of the Afterpay Touch Group Designated Business Group (Afterpay Touch Group
DBG), which was initially established on 8 September 2017.
Employees who are members of the Afterpay Touch Group DBG supporting the AML/CFT
Programme and processes in NZ, are based in Australia.
Additionally, there is currently an outsourcing arrangement with Probe Contact Solutions Australia
Pty Ltd (Probe) that as an extension of Afterpay’s Customer Service function based in Australia,
undertakes the ‘manual identification’ step of Afterpay’s customer identification program. Probe’s
employees for the execution of this service are located in Manila, Philippines and are subject to
employee vetting and training as per the standards set out in the outsourcing agreement. These
standards for employee vetting and training are deemed appropriate for the roles that Probe’s
4 Afterpay NZ is not a member of an Australian Designated Business Group.
5 Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd is a Reporting Entity under the Australian AML/CTF Act and maintains an up to date
AML/CTF Program.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 12

Confidential
employees perform. For the purposes of this Programme, Probe employees are not considered as
‘Employees’ of Afterpay NZ.
1.3 Application of the AML/CFT Act to Afterpay NZ
The AML/CFT Act imposes a number of obligations on ‘Reporting Entities’ to detect ML/TF, and to
manage and mitigate the risk of ML/TF occurring. The AML/CFT Act applies to Afterpay NZ as a
“Reporting Entity” because, in the ordinary course of business, Afterpay NZ carries on the following
financial activities - listed in section 5 of the AML/CFT Act - in relation to its “Customers”:
a. lending to or for a customer, including consumer credit (Consumers); and
b. issuing or managing a means of payment (Merchants and Consumers).
Afterpay NZ provides different payment solutions to its Merchants and its Consumers in the ordinary
course of its business. The AML/CFT Act requires Afterpay NZ, as a Reporting Entity, to (amongst
other things) conduct Customer Due Diligence (“CDD”) (obtain identity information and verify
identity) before establishing a business relationship with a Customer6.
A Business relationship is defined in the AML/CFT Act as a business, professional or commercial
relationship between a Reporting Entity and a customer that has an element of duration or that is
expected by the Reporting Entity, at the time when the contract was established, to have an element
of duration.
1.4 Purpose and coverage of this AML/CFT Programme
This AML/CFT Programme applies to Afterpay NZ and sets out the internal policies, procedures and
controls needed to detect ML/TF and to manage and mitigate the risk of it occurring.
As a Reporting Entity, Afterpay NZ’s AML/CFT Programme must be based on its AML/CFT Risk
Assessment (Risk Assessment), and must take into account the ML/TF risks that it can reasonably
expect to face in its business and must otherwise meet the requirements of Section 57 of the
AML/CFT Act. The policies, procedures and controls set out in its AML/CFT Programme must be
adequate and effective to mitigate the risks of ML/TF when Afterpay NZ is conducting its business.
6 Sections 16(3) and 24(3) of the AML/CFT Act allow verification of identity to be completed after the business
relationship has been established if certain criteria are met.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 13

Confidential
Afterpay NZ has the discretion to decide how to implement policies, procedures and controls that
are suitable for its business. These must be sufficiently robust to address the risks outlined in its Risk
Assessment.
Afterpay NZ , in preparing its AML/CFT Programme, has considered the risks identified in its Risk
Assessment in order to help identify appropriate procedures, policies and controls for the following
matters:
● Governance and oversight – Managing and mitigating the risks of ML/TF, appointment
of an AML/CFT Compliance Officer and the ongoing maintenance, regular reviews and
independent audits of this AML/CFT Programme and the Risk Assessment.
● Reporting Obligations – Reporting of suspicious activities and annual AML/CFT reports.
● On-going account monitoring – Monitoring accounts for ML/TF activities and to ensure
that the business relationship and the transactions relating to that business relationship
are consistent with Afterpay NZ’s knowledge about the Merchant or Consumer and the
Merchant or Consumer’s business or risk profile (as applicable).
● Employee training and due diligence – Vetting and training of Employee
● Customer due diligence – Initial and ongoing CDD for Merchants and Consumers.
● Record Keeping – Keeping transaction records, reports of suspicious activities, identify
and verification records and other relevant records.
Whilst the overall inherent sector risk for NBNDTLs (comprised of a diverse group of non-bank
lenders) is medium7 and the BNPL industry’s inherent risk could, in Afterpay NZ’s opinion, be viewed
as low, Afterpay NZ:
a. considers that the built-in checks and balances within its business (which are described in
this AML/CFT Programme and the accompanying Standard Operating Procedures) mean
that Afterpay NZ presents a low ML/TF risk;
b. has assessed residual risk ratings (the level of risk left over after inherent risk has been
reduced by Afterpay NZ’s risk controls) for each of the risk categories in Afterpay NZ’s Risk
Assessment. These risk ratings influence the level of ML/TF risk that relate to Afterpay NZ’s
business which will help determine what level of CDD is appropriate, how regular
ongoing CDD will occur and how closely transactions will be monitored; and
c. has assessed its overall residual risk rating as low.
7 Part 9, Financial Institutions Sector Risk Assessment, December 2019.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 14

Confidential
This AML/CFT Programme applies to all senior managers and employees of Afterpay NZ and
members of the Afterpay Touch Group DBG who provide services to Afterpay NZ to assist it to
comply with its AML/CFT Act obligations. The term “employees” will be construed broadly to include
all permanent and temporary employees, and contractors and agents engaged on a full-time basis
(but will not include employees of Probe).
This AML/CFT Programme uses the term “Customers” to refer to both Consumers and Merchants
who establish a business relationship with Afterpay NZ.
1.5 Afterpay NZ’s AML/CFT Supervisor
The Department of Internal Affairs (DIA) is Afterpay NZ’s AML/CFT Supervisor.
1.7 Roles & Appointment Dates
Title Name Date of Appointment
Afterpay NZ Company Director Jane Francis 16 April 2024
Afterpay NZ Company Director Katrina Konstas 16 April 2024
Afterpay NZ Company Director Lee Hatton 11 June 2025
Global Chief Compliance Officer Tyler Hand 1 September 2024
of Block
AML/CFT Compliance Officer of Martina Kann 14 March 2023
Afterpay NZ
2. Governance and Oversight
2.1 Governance and oversight
This Programme must be approved by Afterpay NZ’s board of directors (Board). Refer to Section 1.7
for details of appointed members of the Board.
The mechanisms by which the AML/CFT Compliance Officer provides oversight to the Board are:
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 15

Confidential
A. annual report issued by the AML/CFT Compliance Officer to the Board / Senior
Management for awareness and oversight of the ML/TF risk profile of the NZ business and
changes over time. This report includes information about any instances of
non-compliance with the AML/CFT Act, any feedback received from the DIA, and
information and results of any review conducted. In addition the report may include key
metrics such as the state of the control environment, incidents and breaches, resourcing,
operational performance (for example, volumes of transactions, UAR volumes, SARs
reported) and outlook for the upcoming year ahead;
B. updates in relation to regulatory changes;
C. matters arising from Section 3.3 (Ongoing risk assessment); and
D. any other subject matter that the AML/CFT Compliance Officers considers appropriate to
bring to the Board’s attention.
Any material changes to this Programme and Risk Assessment must be approved by the AML/CFT
Officer and the Board. The AML/CFT Compliance Officer may approve non-material changes,
including changes to the Programme and Risk Assessment, underlying policies and procedures that
are attached or referenced and will bring such changes to the attention of Senior
Management/Board as soon as practical after approving those changes.
In making decisions concerning the AML/CFT Programme, the Board will take into account the
recommendations and advice of the AML/CFT Compliance Officer, together with any relevant
regulatory guidance.
2.2 Appointment and role of AML/CFT Compliance Officer
2.2.1 Appointment
Afterpay NZ has appointed an AML/CFT Compliance Officer at management level who is a full-time
employee of Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd, and is the compliance officer for Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd
under Australian laws. This appointment has been approved by the Board. As part of Block’s global
organisational Compliance reporting line structure, the AML/CFT Compliance Officer role is part of
the Block Compliance function which is led by the Global Chief Compliance Officer of Block. Details
of key personnel are included at Section 1.7.
Section 56(2) of the AML/CFT Act provides that a Reporting Entity must designate an employee as an
AML/CFT compliance officer to administer and maintain its AML/CFT Programme. However, Part 7 of
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 16

Confidential
the Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Financing Terrorism (Class Exemptions) Amendment
Notice 20238 (Class Exemption Notice) provides that Reporting Entities that are members of the
same designated business group are exempted from sections 56(2) and (4) of the AML/CFT Act,
subject to the following conditions:
A. a Reporting Entity must appoint an employee of a member of the designated business
group to act as their compliance officer under the AML/CFT Act (shared compliance
officer);
B. [not applicable to Afterpay NZ]
C. the shared compliance officer must be domiciled in either New Zealand or Australia;
D. the shared compliance officer must administer and maintain the AML/CFT Programmes
of each member of the designated business group that is a Reporting Entity and has
appointed a shared compliance officer; and
E. the shared compliance officer must report to a senior manager of each member of the
designated business group that has appointed the shared compliance officer.
All of the above conditions of the Class Exemption Notice are met, permitting the appointment of
Afterpay NZ’s AML/CFT Compliance Officer.
2.2.2 Role
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer will provide an AML/CFT compliance report to the Board for
consideration at least every 12 months. This report will include information about any instances of
non-compliance with the AML/CFT Act, any feedback received from the DIA, and information and
results of any review conducted as well as key developments in relation to this Programme, state of
the control environment, incidents and breaches, resourcing, operational performance and outlook
for the upcoming year ahead.
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer will regularly report to the Board on AML/CFT risk matters as they
arise, and ensure that Afterpay NZ, Employees, agents and other members of the Afterpay Touch
Group DBG providing services to Afterpay NZ comply with this AML/CFT Programme.
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer is responsible for the maintenance and day-to-day oversight of this
AML/CFT Programme and ensuring that Afterpay NZ meets its requirements under the AML/ CFT
8 This Class Exemption expires on 31 December 2026.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 17

Confidential
Act. The AML/CFT Compliance Officer has authority to discharge their responsibilities, including
access to all relevant areas of Afterpay NZ’s operations and relevant Employees.
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer will also ensure Afterpay NZ’s continuing compliance with its
obligations under the AML/CFT Act by:
A. contributing to the preparation, implementation and continued maintenance of AML
policies, procedures and systems, including updates in response to AML/CFT supervisor
feedback and the publication of new or updated AML/CFT guidance;
B. maintaining account monitoring and suspicious activity reporting processes, including
providing appropriate processes to allow Employee to report breaches of the AML/CFT
Programme confidentially to the AML/CFT Compliance Officer;
C. acting as the contact officer for Afterpay NZ’s AML/CFT matters with the DIA and the New
Zealand Financial Intelligence Unit (“FIU”);
D. providing leadership and contributing to the culture of AML/CFT; and
E. subscribing to the guidance newsletter issued by the DIA website to stay informed of
changes.
2.3 Independent audits
Block’s Internal Audit team, in consultation with the AML/CFT Compliance Officer, will determine the
appropriate party/parties to undertake an independent audit of the AML/CFT Programme (and Risk
Assessment) to ensure compliance with AML/CFT obligations at least once every three years, or at
any other time at the request of the DIA (Section 59, AML/CFT Act).
We consider ‘appropriately qualified’ to mean the person or external party must have relevant skills
or experience to conduct the assurance engagement. This includes having knowledge of the
AML/CFT Act, and its supporting regulations, as well as audit experience or sufficient knowledge of
audit processes. To be considered independent, the auditor must not be involved in the
development of the Risk Assessment, or the establishment, implementation or maintenance of this
AML/CFT Programme.
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer maintains a Financial Crime Governance Calendar which prompts
the timely engagement with Block’s Internal Audit team.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 18

Confidential
The results of the independent audit will be provided to the Board. Further details can be found in
Block’s Compliance Audit, Exam & Independent Assessment Management Program.
2.4 DIA feedback
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer will ensure that any feedback received by Afterpay NZ from the
DIA, or any guidelines on industry specific material published by the DIA (either itself or jointly with
other AML/CFT supervisors), is considered and where appropriate incorporated into this AML/CFT
Programme. The AML/CFT Compliance Officer is subscribed to the guidance newsletter issued by
the DIA to stay informed of any updates, and hence address any actions in a timely manner. Where
appropriate, material feedback or guidance may be shown to the Board for noting.
3. Risk Assessment
This AML/CFT Programme is informed by the outcome of the Afterpay New Zealand 2024 ML/TF and
Sanctions Risk Assessment (Risk Assessment). It provides the results of the AML/CTF and Sanctions
risk assessment conducted by Block, Inc., in conjunction with Afterpay NZ, covering the timeframe
from January 2024 to December 2024.
Afterpay NZ activities are assessed based on the following:
1. Nature, size and complexity of the business;
2. Customer Risk (including customer type, Politically Exposed Persons (“PEPs”), nature and
purpose of business relationship, and customer source of funds or wealth);
3. Product Risk (including the products and services provided to customers);
4. Channel Risk (including methods by which services are delivered);
5. Jurisdiction Risk;
6. Employee Risk;
7. Regulatory Risk;
8. Third Party & Institutional Risk; and
9. Sanctions Risk
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 19

Confidential
3.1 Summary of risk assessment result
Afterpay has assessed that its overall residual risk across its NZ business is Medium. This is
summarised in the table below. Further detailed information on the methodology and results, which
are accompanied by a written report, can be found in the Risk Assessment report.
ML/TF Assessment Results
Inherent Risk Control Effectiveness / Residual Risk
Degree of Mitigation
Medium Partially Mitigated Medium
Sanctions Assessment Results
Inherent Risk Control Effectiveness / Residual Risk
Degree of Mitigation
Medium Partially Mitigated Medium
3.2 Ongoing risk assessment
Our AML/CFT Compliance Officer will:
a. review the Risk Assessment on at least an annual basis as per Block’s Global AML &
Sanctions Risk Assessment Framework to identify any new material ML/TF risks or change
in Afterpay NZ’s ML/TF risk profile
b. review any material changes in the ML/TF risk profile of our business following a Trigger
Event (as defined below); and
c. review our Risk Assessment and AML/CFT Programme and develop new processes and
procedures that are deemed necessary as a result of any change in our ML/TF risk profile.
Trigger Events may include but are not limited to:
a. an independent audit of our AML/CFT Programme;
b. the purchase or commencement of a new business;
c. a change in our Customer base (both Merchants and Consumers) leading to a change in
our ML/TF risks;
d. a material change in our outsourcing arrangements;
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 20

Confidential
e. any changes in legislation, regulations or guidance that have a material effect on our
AML/CFT Programme;
f. any feedback provided by the DIA;
g. notification of a material breach of the AML/CFT Act9;
h. internal trend analysis;
i. changes arising in the nature of our Customers (both Merchants and Consumers) or the
control structure or beneficial ownership of our Merchants;
j. changes arising in the nature of the business relationships we have with our Customers;
and
k. the proposed or planned introduction of any new or developing product/ service, delivery
channels or technologies, or any change to existing product/services, business systems
and processes.
Before:introducing a new or developing product, technology, distribution channel, customer type
or location with which Afterpay NZ deals; or making changes to an existing product, technology,
distribution channel, customer type or location with which Afterpay NZ deals, the responsible
product manager or project manager must notify the AML/CFT Compliance Officer who will:
● follow the Compliance Product Risk Assessment Process;
● complete the Block Product ML/TF Risk Assessment;
● ensure any amendments to the AML/CFT Programme are made in a timely manner;
● ensure the AML/CFT Compliance Officer has approved the proposed changes from a
ML/TF compliance perspective; and
● ensure that any material updates to the risk assessment have been approved by the
relevant Board and/or Senior Management.
4. Reporting Obligations
Afterpay NZ does not process any cash or international fund transfer transactions or other
transactions which may represent a prescribed transaction report. Details of relevant reporting
requirements are summarised in the sections that follow.
9 Refer to the Compliance Incident & Breach Management Policy & Procedure.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 21

Confidential
4.1 Annual AML/CFT reports
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer will consult with Management or Senior Management and other
relevant parties to prepare each annual AML/CFT report by 31 August of each year, in respect of
activities undertaken by Afterpay NZ in the previous period (from 1 July to 30 June). The annual
report must be in the prescribed form, take into account results from independent audits and
contain information prescribed by regulations.
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer is authorised to lodge the annual AML/CFT report with the DIA in
the prescribed form electronically using the online portal or such other method as may be accepted
by the DIA from time to time.
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer receives a notification from the DIA and maintains a Financial
Crime Governance Calendar, which prompts the timely submission of the report. The AML/CFT
Compliance Officer liaises with the appropriate stakeholders to gather necessary information and
the draft submission is reviewed by Senior Management. Once the report is submitted successfully,
Senior Management will be notified.
4.2 Suspicious activity reporting
Section 40 of the AML/CFT Act requires Afterpay NZ to report suspicious activities to the NZ FIU as
soon as practicable, but no later than three working days after a suspicion is formed in accordance
with section 41 of the AML/CFT Act. Suspicious activities will be reported even if the transaction or
account does not proceed.
For the purposes of the AML/CFT Act, a “suspicious activity” is an activity undertaken in
circumstances:
A. in which:
i. a person conducts or seeks to conduct a transaction through Afterpay NZ;
ii. Afterpay NZ provides or proposes to provide a service to a person; or
iii. a person requests Afterpay NZ to provide a service or makes an inquiry to Afterpay
NZ in relation to a service; and
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 22

Confidential
B. where Afterpay NZ has reasonable grounds to suspect that the transaction or proposed
transaction, the service or proposed service, or the inquiry, as the case may be, is or may
be relevant to:
i. the investigation or prosecution of any person for a money laundering offence;
ii. the enforcement of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975;
iii. the enforcement of the Terrorism Suppression Act 2002;
iv. the enforcement of the Proceeds of the Crime Act 1991 or the Criminal Proceeds
(Recovery Act) 2009;
v. the enforcement of the NZ United Nations Act 1946;
vi. the enforcement of the Russia Sanctions Act 2022; or
vii. the investigation or prosecution of an offence (within the meaning of section
243(1) of the Crimes Act 1961), being an offence (or any offence described as a
crime) that is punishable under New Zealand law, including any act, wherever
committed, that would be an offence in New Zealand if committed in New
Zealand.
As set out below in section 5.1.2, Employees are required to submit a UAR when they become aware
of certain unusual or suspicious activities. The FCO team will analyse the UAR, and source any
additional information required to determine whether to form a suspicion on reasonable grounds on
behalf of Afterpay NZ. If a suspicion is formed, the FCO team will file a suspicious activity report with
the New Zealand FIU.
A suspicious activity report will be in the prescribed form and include the details outlined in
Schedule 1 of the Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Financing of Terrorism (Requirements and
Compliance) Regulations 2011. The report will contain a statement of the grounds on which Afterpay
NZ holds the relevant suspicion, be signed by the FCO team, and forwarded in writing to the
Commissioner by way of secure electronic transaction. If the urgency of the situation requires, a
suspicious activity report may be made orally to a Police employee authorised by the Commissioner
prior to the submission of the report.
The suspicious activity reporting process is outlined in full in the NZ Suspicious Activity Transaction
Reporting Instructions SOP. The AML/CFT Compliance Officer delegates responsibility to the FCO
team.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 23

Confidential
4.3 Tipping off offence
Afterpay NZ understands that it is an offence under section 94 of the AML/CFT Act for Afterpay NZ to
disclose (i.e. tip off) to a third party any information in respect to its making of a suspicious activity
report in accordance with Section 46 obligations of the AML/CFT Act.
Afterpay NZ ensures that its Employees are aware of these requirements, their consequences, and
their obligations. Afterpay NZ’s AML awareness training programme (described in Section 6 below)
includes training in respect of the prohibitions under the AML/CFT Act against “tipping off”.
4.4 Ongoing due diligence in the event of a suspicious activity report
Additional CDD or beneficial owner/control information (as applicable) may be collected from a
Customer if a suspicious activity report is submitted in respect of that person.
5. Ongoing account monitoring and CDD
Afterpay NZ must carry out ongoing account monitoring and CDD in respect of its existing
Customers in order to:
a. ensure that the business relationship and the transactions relating to that business
relationship are consistent with Afterpay NZ’s knowledge about the Customer and the
Customer’s business and risk profile (as applicable); and
b. identify any grounds for reporting a suspicious activity under paragraph (b) of the
definition of that term in section 39A of the AML/CFT Act.
When conducting ongoing CDD and undertaking account monitoring, Afterpay NZ will have regard
to:
a. the type of CDD conducted when the business relationship with Customer was
established; and
b. the level of risk involved.
5.1 Ongoing account monitoring
Afterpay NZ monitors both Consumers and Merchants utilising multiple tools and method, including
automated and manual transaction monitoring and ongoing customer due diligence reviews. These
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 24

Confidential
processes aid the detection of unusual activity including ML/TF activity, fraud and any other
transactions that may have no apparent economic or visible purpose on the Afterpay NZ platform.
If ongoing account monitoring identifies unusual behaviour which the Merchant or Consumer
cannot explain to Afterpay NZ’s satisfaction, they may be suspended or terminated from using
Afterpay NZ’s services and product.
Afterpay NZ can also immediately freeze a Consumer’s account or suspend a Merchant where
transaction monitoring identifies unusual activity based on predetermined typologies. In addition,
Afterpay NZ may determine grounds for suspicion that a SAR needs to be lodged. Depending on the
risks identified, Afterpay NZ may choose to retain and monitor, or otherwise exit the customer by
escalating to Senior Management (or delegate) for approval.
5.1.1 Automated transaction monitoring program
Afterpay NZ’s automated transaction monitoring program includes appropriate risk-based systems
and controls to monitor for Merchant and Consumer transactions using a set of targeted rules
designed to detect any complex, unusual or large transactions or suspicious patterns of transactions.
The targeted rules run against customer transaction data and populate a set of queues with alerts to
review.
The automated transaction monitoring rules are documented in Afterpay NZ’s ‘Global Transaction
Monitoring Rulebook’ and are as follows:
● in store sale made outside of regular business hours;
● high percentage of a Merchant’s customers are new customers;
● high percentage of a Consumer’s purchases are made with same Merchant;
● high percentage of a Merchant’s customers’ orders have been repaid early;
● delivery address is in a high risk country;
● large value of refunds;
● unusual Merchant activity, including outlier transactions, relative to the merchant’s
category average;
● multiple purchases of the same item from the same Merchant;
● collusion between Merchant and Consumer customers, and
● high proportion of a consumer’s orders are repaid early.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 25

Confidential
On a periodic basis, Afterpay NZ also manually reviews historic transactional data to identify trends in
potential ML/TF risk to help improve its monitoring process (i.e. the parameters and thresholds of
transaction monitoring rules). Afterpay NZ also assesses Consumer limits at every individual
transaction a Consumer makes as a preventative control to minimise fraud risk and associated ML/TF
risk by restricting the number of purchases or the value of purchases a Consumer can make.
5.1.2 Manual transaction monitoring program
Afterpay NZ’s manual transaction monitoring (“TM“) system is comprised of Employee (or members
of the Afterpay Touch Group DBG providing services to Afterpay NZ) who are trained to detect
unusual activity, being:
a. complex or unusually large transactions;
b. transactions that exceed Afterpay NZ’s internal thresholds and triggers;
c. changes in account balances or levels of financial activity that are inconsistent with the
size of past account balances or expected activity;
d. irregular or unusual patterns of account activity that are characteristic of ML/TF or
otherwise have no apparent economic or visible purpose;
e. significant number or unusual pattern of Consumer complaints for a particular Merchant;
f. unusual patterns of repayment behaviour and/or transactions that have no apparent
economic or visible lawful purpose;
g. where there is a concern that a Consumer or Merchant is not who they claim to be;
h. where there is information that the provision of a service to a Consumer, or a payment in
connection with a service may be relevant to one or more of those things listed in
paragraph (b) of the definition of suspicious activity in section 39A of the AML/CFT Act;
and
i. where Afterpay NZ has received contact through law enforcement or other Government
agencies about a particular Consumer or Merchant, transaction or service.
The UARs are reviewed by analysts on a daily basis, during business hours and business days, using a
set of factors to determine whether activity in an account is potentially suspicious and warrants the
lodgement of a SAR. The factors are a set of common red flag indicators based on typologies and
best practices.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 26

Confidential
More information on how Afterpay NZ undertakes automated and manual transaction monitoring,
and the outcomes when unusual behaviour is detected, is included in the NZ Consumer Due
Diligence & Reporting SOP, Automated Transaction Monitoring Instruction (NZ), and Manual TM
Instruction Monitoring / UARt Instruction.
5.2 Ongoing CDD
To comply with our ongoing CDD obligations, Afterpay NZ may also collect and take reasonable
steps to verify CDD or additional CDD or beneficial owner/control information, or keep, update, and
review existing Merchant or Consumer information in accordance with this AML/CFT Programme if:
a. there is a significant change in the Merchant’s or Consumer’s transaction activity;
b. there is a significant change to the way Afterpay NZ’s services are provided to the
Merchant;
c. Afterpay NZ decide to conduct a Merchant audit;
d. as part of a regular Merchant review;
e. Afterpay NZ detect an unusual transaction during monitoring or a suspicious activity
report is filled;
f. information about the Merchant or Consumer is inconsistent;
g. Afterpay NZ determine we need to update our records; or
h. a Merchant (in the case the Merchant is an individual), a beneficial owner of a Merchant or
a Consumer is identified as a PEP after being on-boarded.
In determining the extent to which Customer information will be updated or verified, Afterpay NZ
will consider the level of risk involved, when CDD was last conducted, and the adequacy of the
information held.
6. Employee Training and Due Diligence Programme
6.1 AML awareness training
Afterpay NZ allocates training to Senior Management, AML/CFT Compliance Officer, employees
based in NZ, and any members of the Afterpay Touch Group DBG who support AML services to
Afterpay NZ. This training covers AML/CFT obligations and risks.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 27

Confidential
Afterpay NZ will ensure Employees are aware of those processes and procedures that are relevant to
the work they carry out. Training will be in the form of modules delivered in an online environment
or face-to-face.
This training program will be reviewed and updated periodically to ensure it remains current while
reflecting any changes in the ML/TF Risks faced by Afterpay NZ. It will also be updated if there are
any relevant updates to the business or legislative obligations.
A record of training is maintained for all Employees. Further information relating to the training
process and controls is documented in Block’s Compliance Training Program Standard.10
6.1.1 Onboarding training
Training relating to AML/CFT obligations and risks is mandatory for all employees at the onboarding
stage. This training covers an introduction to ML/TF definitions, and explains certain AML/CFT
obligations (e.g. CDD, record keeping, etc). The employee is also made aware of their role and
responsibilities in the company’s commitment to identifying, mitigating, managing and reporting of
ML/TF.
This mandatory training is allocated to all new employees, however more specific training relevant to
NZ ML/TF Risk will be provided to Employees who:
● are in a position which has been assessed as having a greater exposure to ML/TF Risk. (e.g.
higher risk roles) and the overall Business Unit Risk Assessment is deemed high;
● review suspicious activity reports or are authorised to file suspicious activity reports with
the New Zealand FIU; or
● oversee or implement this AML/CFT Programme.
Employees who are promoted or moved into positions which may have a greater exposure to ML/TF
risk will also receive additional training where appropriate.
6.1.2 Refresher training
Afterpay NZ will conduct annual refresher AML/CFT training for all Employees.
10 This can be found at go/training.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 28

Confidential
6.2 Employee due diligence
As part of Block’s global approach to hiring, all employment offers are contingent upon satisfactory
employee due diligence checks, using a risk based approach.
The ANZ Employee Due Diligence Standard outlines the risk based approach, systems and controls
that determine how Afterpay NZ screens prospective and existing employees depending on the role
they perform.
6.3 Employee management
Any employee who fails, without reasonable excuse, to comply with any system, control or procedure
established under this AML/CFT Programme, will be required to undertake AML/CFT compliance
training (or an AML/CFT compliance training refresher) and will be subject to disciplinary action in
accordance with Block’s Employee Handbook. Block’s People Team will be involved in this process.
Key controls to monitor employee compliance include mandatory AML/CFT compliance training,
reporting of AML/CFT compliance training completion rates, a Monitoring and Testing Programme,
and quality assurance of key AML/CFT operational processes.
Afterpay NZ will maintain a register of all Employee breaches and will consult this when
determining/recommending the disciplinary action that should be applied to an employee who fails,
without reasonable excuse, to comply with any system, control or procedure established under this
AML/CFT Programme.
7. Customer Due Diligence
7.1 Customer due diligence - Merchants
Where a Merchant applies to use Afterpay NZ, they must have a NZ-based legal entity in order to
proceed. All Merchants will be identified and verified in accordance with this Programme and the NZ
Merchant Vetting Instruction. Enhanced CDD will be carried out on Merchants in accordance with
Section 7.4 and the ANZ Merchants Enhanced Due Diligence Instruction SOP, as required. In specific
circumstances, simplified CDD may be applied instead of standard or enhanced CDD as permitted
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 29

Confidential
under section 18 of the AML/CFT Act. More information on Afterpay’s simplified CDD procedures is
set out in Schedule 3 of this Programme and the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction.
Discrepancies will be investigated and resolved to our satisfaction, which may include reporting to
the AML/CFT Compliance Officer, before proceeding with processing of the Merchant’s application. If
a reasonable explanation of the discrepancy cannot be satisfactorily provided, Afterpay NZmay
refuse to proceed with on-boarding the Merchant and a suspicious activity report may be lodged, if it
is considered necessary.
CDD is evidenced and stored in Afterpay’s shared drives and systems (including approvals) and is
subject to quality monitoring by independent and experienced Leads or the FCO team.
7.1.2 Beneficial owners
In addition to identifying and verifying Merchants, Afterpay NZ will identify and verify beneficial
owners of the Merchants in accordance with this Programme, the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction
and the requirements of the AML/CFT Act and its supportive regulations.
The AML/CFT Act and regulations define a ‘beneficial owner’ to mean individuals (i.e. natural persons)
who (amongst other things):
a. own more than 25% of a Merchant; or
b. have effective control of a Merchant; or
c. have ultimate ownership or control of the Merchant, whether directly or indirectly.
Afterpay NZ’s business relationships with Merchants do not involve persons acting on behalf of the
Merchant where they do not meet the definition of a beneficial owner of the Merchant. The
exception to this is when Simplified Due Diligence applies.
If a Merchant changes its ownership and its new beneficial owner(s) cannot be identified and verified
(in accordance with the requirements of the AML/CFT Act and this Programme), the Merchant may
be suspended or terminated from using Afterpay NZ’s services.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 30

Confidential
7.1.3 Effective control
Persons with effective control are individuals (i.e. natural persons) who have the power to direct the
affairs of the company, trust, or partnership. An example of ‘effective control’ is an individual who
exercises responsibility for senior management decisions, or similar, for the Merchant.
The following are likely to be persons with effective control (not an exhaustive list):
● CEO;
● managing director;
● some other directors;
● appointor of a trust;
● trustee, settlor and protector of a trust; or
● general and limited partners of a partnership.
7.1.4 Merchant identity verification - reliance on third parties
For avoidance of doubt, Afterpay NZ may rely on third parties for the performance of merchant
identity verification, but does not intend to rely on third parties in respect to consumer identity
verification.
In accordance with Section 33 of the AML/CFT Act, Afterpay NZ may rely on the identity verification
(“IDV”) processes performed by a third party (who is not an agent) in certain instances. This is
considered as another alternative to complete the Merchant IDV process and does not absolve
Afterpay NZ from responsibility that the IDV of its Merchant is carried out in accordance with the
AML/CFT Act.
Afterpay NZ may select to rely on another party to perform IDV processes where the third party:
1. Is a resident in a country with sufficient AML/CFT systems and measures in place and who
is supervised or regulated for AML/CFT purposes;
2. Has a business relationship with the Merchant concerned (i.e. the Merchant becomes a
mutual Merchant of both Afterpay NZ and the third party); and
3. Afterpay NZ has assessed the IDV policies and processes of the third party and deemed
them to be at least the standard required by the AML/CFT Act and regulations.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 31

Confidential
Afterpay NZ will enter into a contract and implement appropriate systems and processes with the
third party to:
1. Receive the relevant identity information from the third party before Afterpay NZ
establishes a business relationship with the Merchant.
2. Where necessary and upon request, provide the verification information (copy of the
records used by the relied-on party to verify customer identity) as soon as practical to
Afterpay NZ, but at least within 5 days of the Afterpay NZ request.
3. Communicate and discuss on a periodic basis, the third party reliance relationship to
provide comfort to Afterpay NZ that the systems and processes in place remain to at least
the standard required by the AML/CFT Act and regulations.
In each instance where Afterpay NZ decides to enter a contract with a third party to select this
method of third party reliance, Afterpay NZ will complete a documented assessment of the third
party against these requirements, including socialisation with relevant stakeholders. That
assessment will be approved by the AML/CFT Compliance Officer.
7.1.5 Merchant risk assessment
Afterpay NZ will determine through its risk-based systems and controls the overall ML/TF risk of
each Merchant.
If the Merchant is rated as high risk Afterpay NZ will apply enhanced CDD. For Merchants rated as
medium risk, standard CDD is applied. For Merchants rated low risk who also qualify for simplified
CDD, simplified CDD will be performed, otherwise standard CDD will be applied.
7.2 Customer due diligence - Consumers
Afterpay NZ’s Consumers are individuals (i.e. natural persons). Afterpay NZ does not have business
relationships with persons acting on behalf of its Consumers. Additionally, Afterpay NZ will
determine through risk-based systems and controls the overall ML/TF risk of each Consumer.
7.2.1 Collection of identity information
Afterpay NZ collects the following identity information from Consumers:
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 32

Confidential
a. Full name, date of birth and New Zealand residential address;
b. New Zealand mobile telephone number (which must be unique to the Consumer’s
Afterpay NZ account, and is verified via a one-time SMS code as part of the on-boarding
process);
c. Email address (which must be unique to the Consumer’s Afterpay NZ account, and must
be verified for the Consumer to set up a password);
d. Current funding method consisting of a Visa or Mastercard debit or credit card which is
issued by a New Zealand financial institution (which must be unique to the Consumer’s
account, and which is verified by the card verification value/code (“CVV/CVC”) before any
Afterpay NZ order is approved); and
e. Details of the Consumer’s government identifier.
Afterpay NZ does not collect information on the nature and purpose of the business relationship, as
this is consistent in all instances. All consumers must onboard with Afterpay NZ to utilise the BNPL
service provided.
7.2.2 Adoption of Electronic Verification Code of Practice 2013
Afterpay NZ will take reasonable steps to satisfy itself that the identity information11 obtained from its
Consumers is correct, and to verify its Consumers’ identity, through the identity verification processes
described below.
For the avoidance of doubt, and on the basis of the adoption of Additional Measures outlined in
section 7.2.3, Afterpay NZ has assessed and applied the standards of the New Zealand Identity
Verification Code of Practice 2013 (“IVCOP”).
7.2.3 Additional measures
The Additional Measures have been adopted by Afterpay NZ in accordance with Section 18 of the
IVCOP - Explanatory Note (updated in July 2021).
11 Identity verification commenced from September 2020, as agreed with the DIA, on a go-forward basis only.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 33

Confidential
Afterpay NZ relies on a range of Additional Measures to supplement, and mitigate any deficiencies in,
the electronic Consumer identity verification processes. A summary of the Additional Measures that
Afterpay NZ relies on are included below:
● Mobile numbers are limited to NZ mobile numbers only.
● Consumers must verify they are in control of the mobile phone at account setup – a
one-time password (“OTP”) is sent to the mobile phone number provided, and must be
authenticated to allow a Consumer’s initial profile to be created.
● Email and mobile phone numbers attached to each account are used as part of fraud
controls (e.g. OTP on new devices).
● Duplicate check - Consumer information submitted to open an account must be unique
to that account.
● Funding instruments can be added only once a Consumer passes identity verification.
Only NZ issued credit or debit cards can currently be loaded to an Afterpay NZ account.
● Financial instruments (NZ issued credit or debit cards) are not allowed to be shared
between accounts.
● Low account limits – a maximum of $4,000 for all Consumers Further details are
contained in the Consumer Risk Policy.
● Risk rating of transactions - Afterpay NZ’s real-time transaction assessment and velocity
rules looks at spend, card used and merchant, use machine learning and geo/IP data,
device ID, card, user profile and transactional information.
As part of our Risk Assessment, Afterpay NZ has considered the above Additional Measures as
mitigating controls to the overall ML/TF risk it faces.
7.2.4 Electronic Verification
The electronic Consumer identity verification standard consists of a match criteria of two matches on
Consumer name (from two reliable and independent electronic sources, with the primary electronic
source required to be a government source), plus at least one date of birth match and one address
match from one reliable and independent electronic source. The reliable and independent electronic
sources used by Afterpay NZ are documented in Schedule 1.
Consumers seeking to use Afterpay NZ’s services:
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 34

Confidential
● must enter their personal information into a profile page (full name, date of birth (“DOB”),
NZ residential address and NZ passport or NZ drivers’ licence number); and
● are required to consent to the electronic identity verification checks and agree to Afterpay
NZ’s Privacy Policy.
The automated electronic verification then occurs in two tiers:
● Tier 1 - during the first tier the Customer’s name, date of birth and government identifier
are being verified against government sources being the primary electronic reliable and
independent source.
● Tier 2 - If the Tier 1 verification is successful, only then verification progresses to the second
tier, where Customer’s full name plus address or date of birth are verified against other
reliable and independent electronic sources.
For the delivery of electronic verification services to Consumers, Afterpay NZ has developed
automated systems and leverages a third party, Frankie Financial Pty Ltd (“Frankie”), an Australian
based data aggregator, to provide access to underlying data vendors and sources. Consumer details
will be securely submitted by Afterpay NZ via Frankie to NZ identification vendors, and Consumers
must in all cases have their identity successfully verified (in accordance with the match criteria
above) prior to having their account activated and being able to use Afterpay NZ’s BNPL services.
If the automated electronic identity verification is unsuccessful, the Consumer will be given the
option to raise a ticket with Afterpay NZ’s Customer Service, who will attempt to manually
troubleshoot/re-perform Tier 1 or Tier 2. Details of the manual identity verification are outlined in the
NZ Manual ID SOP.
If a Consumer fails the identity verification process, and if the case is deemed to involve unusual or
potentially false or fraudulent identity details, this may result in referral for further investigation and
potentially the submission of a SAR.
In limited circumstances a Consumer may only have one name and only have identification
documents that are reflected in that name. Due to system constraints in the passing of information
to the underlying data sources, it may not be possible to verify the name of the Consumer. In these
instances, the Consumer identity will be assessed as verified so long as documentation is subject to
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 35

Confidential
and passes a physical inspection and Afterpay NZ verifies name, DOB and address details from at
least one source. A record will be made the basis for how verification standards were met.
An assessment of whether the underlying electronic databases used by Afterpay NZ’s electronic
identity verification service provider are considered reliable and independent, includes an
assessment in accordance with Section 17 of the IVCOP and details of the assessment and results
can be found in Afterpay NZ’s Assessment of Electronic Databases.
7.2.5 Alternative Method of Verification
In the event that a Consumer’s identity is unable to be verified electronically, document-based
verification by a reliable and independent source will be used as an alternative method for
verification. All documents must be certified as true and correct by an authorised trusted referee. A
list of authorised trusted referees who can certify documents can be found in Schedule 2.
In circumstances where the Consumer’s name and/or date of birth are unable to be verified against
electronic databases, document based verification will be used as follows:
● one Primary Photographic Identification Document; or
● one Primary non-Photographic Identification Document AND one Secondary
Identification Document.
In circumstances where the Consumer’s address is unable to be verified against electronic
databases, document based verification will be used as follows:
● one Address Identification Document.
List of certified documents assessed as reliable and independent source are as follows:
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 36

Confidential
Document Type Documentation
Primary Photographic ● NZ certificate of identity issued under the Passports Act
Identification Documents 1992 (i.e. NZ Passport)
● NZ certificate of identity issued under the Immigration Act
2009 (i.e. Refugee Travel Document)
● NZ Driver Licence Card issued by the New Zealand
Transport Agency
● Foreign Passport containing name, date of birth and a
photograph and signature of the person in whose name
the document is issued, and is issued by a foreign
government, the United Nations or an agency of the
United Nations
Primary non-Photographic ● NZ full birth certificate
Identification Documents ● Certificate of NZ citizenship issued under the Citizenship
Act 1977
● Citizenship certificate issued by a foreign government
● Birth certificate issued by a foreign government, the
United Nations or an agency of the United Nations
Secondary Identification ● 18+ Card also known as Kiwi Access Card
Documents ● NZ government issued letter/notice*
● Bank statement by a NZ registered bank*
● Statement from the Inland Revenue Department*
Address Identification ● NZ government agency issued letter/notice*
Documents ● Bank statement by a NZ registered bank*
● Statement from the Inland Revenue Department*
● Utility bill from the Consumer’s power, gas, water, land-line
phone or internet service provider*
*The document is required to include the individual’s name and
residential address, and to not be older than 12 months from the
date of the Afterpay sign-up process.
7.2.6 Exception handling process
Afterpay NZ will maintain an exception handling process for any Customer who cannot meet the IDV
requirements under the NZ AML/CFT Programme. All exceptions must be approved by the AML/CFT
Compliance Officer and recorded in the Exceptions Register. The AML/CFT Compliance Officer can
only approve exceptions where the IDV performed still meets the minimum requirements under the
AML/CFT Act and the ML/TF risk has been assessed as low.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 37

Confidential
7.3 Politically exposed person
Afterpay NZ implements risk-based procedures to determine whether a Customer or Beneficial
Owner of a Customer is a PEP during the application process or as soon as practicable after the
account has been created. Afterpay NZ uses an external service provider to screen the CDD
information collected from Customers against a PEP database. Alerts are reviewed manually and in
the event that Afterpay NZ determines the Customer or Beneficial Owner of a Customer is a PEP,
ECDD applies and the continuation of the relationship must be approved by senior management or
delegate. Further information on Afterpay NZ’s procedures for PEP screening are set out in the
Watchlist Screening SOP.
Afterpay NZ is not prohibited from dealing with a PEP, however recognises that business
relationships with family members or close associates of PEPs involve reputational risks similar to
relationships with PEPs themselves.
7.4 Enhanced customer due diligence
7.4.1 Enhanced customer due diligence - Merchants
Our ECDD programme will be applied in any circumstance (be it at the start or throughout the
duration of the business relationship) where Afterpay NZ determines through its risk-based systems
and controls, that a further review of a particular Merchant is warranted, which includes, but is not
limited to the following “ECDD Trigger” situations:
a. the Merchant falls under the prohibited category as per the GMCP;
b. the Merchant is identified as being associated with adverse media linked to ML/TF risk;
c. the Merchant is a Trust;
d. the Merchant is a company with nominee directors/shareholders or shares in bearer form,
or a limited partnership with nominee general partner12;
e. Afterpay NZ establishes a business relationship with a Merchant that involves new or
developing technologies, or new or developing products, that might favour anonymity;
f. a suspicion arises in relation to the source of funds or wealth of the Merchant;
12 A ‘nominee director and nominee shareholder’ are not recognised terms under the NZ Companies Act 1993
and ‘nominee general partner’ is not a recognised term under the Limited Partnerships Act 2008. However,
these terms are defined for the purposes of the AML/CFT Act - refer to Regulation 3 of the AML/CFT
(Requirements and Compliance) Regulations 2011. Therefore, it may be relevant if Afterpay establishes a
business relationship with a customer that is an overseas company or limited partnership, which Afterpay does
not pursue in its ordinary course of business.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 38

Confidential
g. it has been determined that the level of ML/TF risk associated with the provision of
services is higher than standard transactions;
h. Afterpay NZ determines the Merchant or any of its beneficial owners is a PEP;
i. Afterpay NZ determines the Merchant or any of its beneficial owners are linked to a high
risk or sanctioned country as per Block’s Global Jurisdictional Risk Rating Scorecard;
j. a Merchant seeks to conduct a complex, unusually large transaction or unusual pattern of
transactions using services which have no apparent or visible economic or lawful
purpose;
k. Afterpay NZ suspects on reasonable grounds that the Merchant or its beneficial owners
are not the person they claim to be;
l. there are discrepancies in the identification information provided by the Merchant or its
beneficial owners;
m. where there may be grounds to report a suspicious activity as per section 39A of the
AML/CFT Act or
n. it is deemed appropriate in any other situation by our AML/CFT Compliance Officer or
delegate.
Afterpay NZ’s Merchants do not involve non-resident customers from a country that has insufficient
AML/CFT systems and/or measures, exclusively to those countries identified by the Financial Action
Task Force as being high risk jurisdictions subject to a Call to Action.
7.4.2 Enhanced customer due diligence - Consumers
Our ECDD programme will be applied in any circumstance (be it at the start or throughout the
duration of the business relationship) where Afterpay NZ determines through its risk-based systems
and controls, that a further review of a particular Consumer is warranted, which includes, but is not
limited to the following “ECDD Trigger” situations:
a. a suspicion arises in relation to the source of funds or wealth of the Consumer;
b. it has been determined that the level of ML/TF risk associated with the provision of
services is higher than standard transactions;
c. Afterpay NZ determines the Consumer is a PEP;
d. Afterpay NZ determines the Consumer is linked to a high risk or sanctioned country as
per Block’s Global Jurisdictional Risk Rating Scorecard;
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 39

Confidential
e. a Consumer seeks to conduct a complex, unusually large transaction or unusual pattern
of transactions using services which have no apparent or visible economic or lawful
purpose;
f. Afterpay NZ suspects on reasonable grounds that the Consumer is not the person they
claim to be;
g. there are discrepancies in the identification information provided by the Consumer, or
discrepancies between the Consumer identification information provided by the
Consumer and the information revealed by Consumer IDV processes;
h. where there may be grounds to report a suspicious activity as per section 39A of the
AML/CFT Act (where the Consumer is the perpetrator and not the victim); or
i. it is deemed appropriate in any other situation by the AML/CFT Compliance Officer or
delegate.
7.4.3 Process
Using a risk based approach, the ECDD checks which will be conducted will depend on the level of
risk involved (other than (d), (g) and (e) which must always be completed), and include the following:
a. Clarify or update CDD information already held.
b. Collect additional CDD information, and verify this information.
c. Verify or re-verify CDD information.
d. Collect details of the source of wealth or funds and take reasonable steps to verify this
information.
e. Clarify the nature of the Customers ongoing business relationship with Afterpay NZ.
f. Examine the Customers transactions, with reference to the purpose, reason for, or nature
of specific transactions, and the expected nature and level of transaction behaviour.
g. Review and assign final risk rating.
h. Seek senior management approval (or delegate) to continue a business relationship,
decide whether a specific transaction should be processed, or whether services should
continue to be provided to the Customer.
i. Perform enhanced monitoring of the Customer.
In addition to the ECDD steps listed above, a SAR may be lodged, if it is considered appropriate to do
so.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 40

Confidential
More information on the ECDD processes for Merchants is set out in the ANZ Merchants EDD
Instruction SOP and for Consumers is set out in the Enhanced Consumer Due Diligence Instruction
SOP.
8. Record Keeping
8.1 General record keeping obligations
Afterpay NZ must keep records for a minimum of five years after a transaction has been completed
or a business relationship has ended. This includes:
A. records reasonably necessary to enable transactions to be readily reconstructed (section
49, AML/CFT Act);
B. reports of suspicious transactions; and
C. records reasonably necessary to enable the nature of the evidence used for the purposes
of identification and verification (CDD) to be readily identified at any time (section 50,
AML/CFT Act);
Transactional records must contain the following information:
A. the nature of the transaction;
B. the amount of the transaction and the currency in which it was denominated;
C. the date on which the transaction was conducted;
D. the parties to the transaction;
E. if applicable, the facility through which the transaction was conducted, and any other
facilities (whether or not provided by Afterpay NZ) directly involved in the transaction;
F. the name of the officer or employee or agent who handled the transaction, if that person
has face to face dealings in respect of the transaction with any of the parties to the
transaction and has formed a suspicion about the transaction (applicable to Merchants
only); and
G. any other information prescribed by regulations.
Identification records may comprise:
a. a copy of the evidence so used; or
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 41

Confidential
b. if it is not practicable to retain that evidence, any information as is reasonably necessary to
enable that evidence to be obtained.
Afterpay NZ must retain these records for a period of at least five years after the relevant transaction
has been completed or the business relationship has ended, or any period specified by the
Supervisor or the Commissioner (Section 49, AML/CFT Act).
8.2 Suspicious activity records
If Afterpay NZ reports a suspicious activity, it must keep a copy of that report, for a period of at least 5
years after the report is made, or any period specified by the Supervisor or the Commissioner
(Section 49A, AML/CFT Act).
Afterpay NZ may also keep any detailed records of its assessment of whether a suspicious activity
report is required.
8.3 Other records
Afterpay NZ must also keep the following (Section 51, AML/CFT Act):
A. records that are relevant to the establishment, or nature and purpose, of a business
relationship;
B. records relating to risk assessments, AML/CFT Programmes, and audits;
C. any other records relating to and obtained during the course of a business relationship
that are reasonably necessary to establish the nature and purpose of, and activities
relating to, the business relationship (e.g. account files and correspondence emails);
D. records of findings related to complex or unusually large transactions, unusual patterns of
transactions that have no apparent economic or visible lawful purpose and any other
activity that Afterpay NZ regards as being particularly likely by its nature to be related to
ML or FT; and
E. keeping written findings relating to business relationships and transactions from or in
countries that do not have or have insufficient anti-money laundering or countering
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 42

Confidential
financing of terrorism systems in place (as outlined in section 7.7) and have additional
measures for dealing with or restricting dealings with such countries13.
Afterpay NZ must keep the records relating to risk assessments, AML/CFT Programmes, and audits
for at least 5 years after the date on which they ceased to be used on a regular basis. Records
relating to this AML/CFT Programme, risk assessment and audits must be made available to the DIA
on request (Section 51, AML/CFT Act).
8.4 Record keeping policy
Afterpay NZ will keep all records in written form in the English language or in a form that is readily
accessible and convertible to written form in the English language (Section 52, AML/CFT Act).
Afterpay NZ will ensure that all hard copy documentation, including correspondence and
transaction materials will be transferred to electronic form and stored in such a way that allows it or
the DIA to completely reconstruct any transaction at a future date.
All electronic copies will be readily accessible and capable of being retrieved and produced as a hard
copy or supplied to the DIA upon request. Where records are held in electronic form, they will be
kept on a server or stored on local computers. Afterpay NZ will make records relating to its Risk
Assessments, AML/CFT Programmes and audits available to the Supervisor on request (Section 51,
AML/CFT Act).
8.5 Destruction of records
Afterpay NZ will take reasonable steps to ensure that retained records are destroyed as soon as
practicable after the expiry of the period for which the record is required to be retained (Section 54,
AML/CFT Act).
Records are not required to be destroyed in cases where there is a lawful reason for retaining the
record.
13 Afterpay NZ does not have dealings with any such countries, given its policies and criteria set for onboarding
Customers.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 43

Confidential
9. SCHEDULE 1
Electronic Verification Standards
This schedule of the Afterpay NZ AML/CFT Programme sets out underlying details of the methods
and approach towards electronic verification of both Consumer customers and beneficial owners of
Merchant customers (or individuals or sole traders who are Merchants).
The Schedule should be read in conjunction with the relevant provisions of the AML/CFT Programme
and related SOPs.
9.1 Electronic verification services
Afterpay NZ uses real-time electronic verification services as well as manual look-ups in order to
complete electronic verifications of Consumer customers and beneficial owners of Merchant
customers.
For the delivery of real-time electronic verification services to Consumers, Afterpay NZ has developed
automated systems and leverages Frankie to provide access to the underlying vendors and data
sources. In addition to performing assessments on the underlying data sources and vendors, in
making the decision to use Frankie, Afterpay NZ has performed appropriate due diligence on the
systems, processes and methods that Frankie uses to support these services. Afterpay NZ has
entered contractual arrangements with both Frankie, and the underlying data providers and has
satisfied that these services are robust and effective in supporting its electronic verification
requirements.For manual look-ups associated with Consumers, Afterpay NZ uses both the Frankie
online portal and other online tools provided directly by the electronic verification vendors.
For Individuals associated with Merchants, Afterpay NZ will use a lookup web portal provided directly
by Equifax to perform those searches, or use the services of Trulioo. For beneficial owners of
Merchant customers, Afterpay has developed automated systems and leverages Trulioo to provide
access to the underlying data sources. In addition to performing assessments on the existing
underlying data sources, in making the decision to use Trulioo, Afterpay NZ has performed
appropriate due diligence on the systems, processes and methods that Trulioo uses to support these
services. Afterpay NZ has entered contractual arrangements with both Trulioo, and the underlying
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 44

Confidential
data providers and has satisfied that these services are robust and effective in supporting its
electronic verification requirements.
Overall, the standard of electronic verification for both Customer types is the same. The details of this
standard are set out in Section 7.2 of the AML/CFT Programme.
9.2 Databases used
The databases that Afterpay NZ has selected to use for its electronic verification process are
summarised below:
● Equifax- Identity Plus
● Centrix – Smart ID
● Motor vehicle registrations
● NZ Drivers License Verification
● NZ Passport Verification
● Births Verification
● AU Passport
● AU Driver’s Licence
Further details on the assessment of these databases can be found in Afterpay NZ’s Assessment of
Electronic Databases.
9.3 Discrepancy management
Afterpay NZ has implemented an approach to deal with minor discrepancies in the electronic
verification process. Minor discrepancies are defined as minor variances between the underlying
Customer name record provided by the Customer at the time of opening the account and the
match against the verified name, whereby it is reasonably accepted that the Customer is the same
person. The most common example of minor discrepancy is where:
a. the Customer has in error, incorrectly input a character of their name (i.e. as a result of a
typographical error), or
b. Use of a shortened or nickname of the Customer in the Customer input name and/or the
verification record.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 45

Confidential
9.3.1 Discrepancy management scoring
Frankie aggregates sources of identity data from Centrix and Equifax, using Centrix first and only
when it's not able to find a match, then it will cascade to Equifax.
Centrix address matching feature uses the address to be verified, which is then compared to the
address from the relevant data source. Both the request and data source held addresses are scored.
Match threshold scores range from 0 to 30. The address score default is set at 24 meaning addresses
achieving 24 or greater are deemed matched. Where an address match returns a score of 1-23 an
additional match logic rule is applied. This assesses the first 8 characters of the input and returned
address and performs a non-case sensitive comparison over AddressLine1 data( internal spaces are
included in the count, while leading and trailing spaces are trimmed). If the addresses compare as
per this logic, the address is considered a match.
Equifax uses a scoring feature of matches against Customer name (first, middle and surname), DOB,
address, the depth of the Equifax history of the Customer record and presence of aliases to support
the handling of discrepancies within the matching component of the electronic verification process.
Afterpay NZ has assessed this scoring feature and has elected to select scores of 85 and above as
representing minor and tolerable discrepancies within the process. The table below provides a
summary of the scores at the range of 85 and above (which are accepted) and examples of scores at
84 which are not accepted.
Score First Name Middle Surname DOB Address Depth of File Multiple
Name Aliases
99 Match Match Match Match Match Deep N
Partial - suburb not
97 Match Match Match Match provided Deep N
Not Partial - suburb not
96 Match Provided Match Match provided Deep N
95 Match Match Match Match Match Deep Y
93 Match Match Match Match Match Average N
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 46

Confidential
Partial - suburb not
92 Match Match Match Match provided Deep Y
Partial - suburb not
91 Match Match Match Match provided Average N
Not Partial - suburb not
91 Near Match Provided Match Match provided Deep N
Not Partial - suburb not
90 Match Provided Match Match provided Deep Y
Not Partial - suburb not
89 Match Provided Match Match provided Average N
Not Partial - suburb/city
89 Match Provided Match Match no match Deep N
88 Match Match Match Match Match Thin N
88 Match Match Match Match Match Average Y
Not Partial - suburb not
86 No Match Provided Match Match provided Deep N
Partial - suburb not
85 Match Match Match Match provided Thin N
Partial - suburb not
85 Match Match Match Match provided Average Y
Not Partial - suburb not
85 Near Match Provided Match Match provided Deep Y
Not Partial - suburb not
84 Match Provided Match Match provided Thin N
Not Partial - suburb not
84 Match Provided Match Match provided Average Y
Not Partial - suburb not
84 Near Match Provided Match Match provided Average N
As part of Afterpay NZ’s ongoing monitoring of its electronic verification systems and procedures, it
will perform sampling of the scores produced in relation to Afterpay NZ’s electronic verification
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 47

Confidential
process to ensure that it remains comfortable that the outcomes continue to be within Afterpay NZ’s
tolerances.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 48

Confidential
10. SCHEDULE 2
List of Authorised Trusted Referees
In NZ, a trusted referee must be at least 16 years of age and sight the original documents. Approved
trusted referees include the following:
● Commonwealth representative (as defined in the Oaths and Declarations Act 1957)
● Member of the police
● Justice of the peace
● Registered medical doctor
● Kaumātua (as verified through a reputable source)
● Registered teacher
● Minister of religion
● Lawyer (as defined in the Lawyers and Conveyancers Act 2006)
● Notary public
● New Zealand Honorary consul
● Member of Parliament
● Chartered accountant (within the meaning of section 19 of the New Zealand Institute of
Chartered Accountants Act 1996)
● A person who has the legal authority to take statutory declarations in New Zealand
A trustee cannot be:
● related to the customer( e.g. a trusted referee cannot be their parent, child, brother, sister,
aunt, uncle or cousin);
● the spouse or partner of the customer; or
● a person who lives at the same address as the Customer.
Certification
Where a Consumer is required to provide a certified copy of a document, it must be certified as a
true and correct copy of the original document by an authorised trusted referee with words to the
following effect:
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 49

Confidential
I, [full name of trusted referee], as [select appropriate person from authorised list below], certify that
this [name of document] is a true and correct copy of the original [signature and date].
11. SCHEDULE 3
Merchant CDD
This Schedule of the AML/CFT Programme and the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction sets out
Standard and Simplified CDD requirements in relation to Merchants. Merchants are subject to
applicable customer identification procedures under the AML/CFT Act. Further information on the
procedure can be found in the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction.
11.1 Merchant CDD requirements based on entity type
Merchant CDD consists of two elements:
a. collection of identity information; and
b. verification of identity information.
Under Standard Merchant CDD identity information may include information relating to the
Merchant entity, and any associated Beneficial Owners. For avoidance of doubt, Afterpay NZ is not
required to identify or verify the identity of a Beneficial Owner of a Merchant eligible for simplified
CDD as per section 18(4) of the AML/CFT Act.
11.1.1 Sole Traders (Individuals)
Collect and verify the information listed in the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction for Individuals acting
as Sole Traders.
In this scenario, the Beneficial Owner is the Sole Trader (Individual).
11.1.2 Companies
Collect and verify the information listed in the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction for Companies.
Afterpay NZ will check if the company qualifies for simplified CDD and document reasoning.
An example of the beneficial ownership of a Merchant where standard CDD applies is provided
below.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 50

Confidential
In this scenario, we must identify XYZ Pty Ltd, the Merchant. We must also identify the identity of B
and C, who as 50% shareholders in ABC Pty Ltd, are beneficial owners of XYZ Pty Ltd. B and C have
effective control over XYZ Pty Ltd.
11.1.3 Trusts
Collect and verify the information listed in the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction for Trusts.
An example of the beneficial ownership for a Merchant which is a Trust is provided below.
In this scenario, Afterpay NZ will need to collect and verify the identity information of the persons
included in the table below, and the source of funds or wealth of the trust would need to be
identified.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 51

Confidential
Person Capacity Requirement
SFDT Pty Ltd Corporate Trustee Collect and verify identity
information
Smith Family Customer (Merchant) Collect and verify full name
Discretionary address and NZBN of the trust
Trust
Paula, Hilary Beneficiaries Collect a description of the
and Fred Smith class of beneficiaries.
In this example, discretionary
beneficiaries are not otherwise
subject to CDD
Paula and John Effective control as directors of the Collect and verify identity
Smith Corporate Trustee information
Paula Smith Likely has effective control over the Collect and verify identity
trust because she is the appointor information
Frank Trouble Possibly has effective control over the Collect and verify identity
trust as the Settlor (it depends on the information
powers he retains)
All beneficial owners of a trust must be identified. Beneficial owners of a trust are an individual who
satisfies the definition of beneficial owner (as described in Section 7.1.2). They may also be a trustee,
or a beneficiary with vested interest of more than 25%. Individuals with effective control over a trust
may include appointers (who have the power to amend the trust deed, or remove/appoint trustees),
settlors, protectors or special trustees.
The following table is a guide only. If a company or trust owns more than 25% of a Merchant, it will be
necessary to review the ownership of that company or trust to determine the ultimate beneficial
owner(s), if any, more than 25% of the Merchant.
Type of trust Who is the ultimate beneficial owner?
Bare Trust Beneficiaries of more than 25% of the trust assets
Discretionary As the entitlement of beneficiaries is discretionary (i.e. yet to be
Trust determined), there are no ‘beneficial owners’.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 52

Confidential
Generally, any appointors will need to be identified because normally
appointors have control. The trustee(s) (and if it is a company, its directors)
should also be identified as the trustee usually has significant control.
Fixed Trust Unitholders owning more than 25% of units.
Generally, any appointors will need to be identified because normally
appointors have control. The trustee(s) (and if it is a company, its directors)
should also be identified as the trustee usually has significant control.
A copy of the Trust Deed is obtained.
11.1.4 Partnerships
Collect and verify the information listed in the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction for Partnerships14.
In this scenario, the Beneficial Owners are the Partners. A copy of the Partnership Agreement is
obtained.
11.1.5 Association, Societies & Clubs
Collect and verify the information listed in the NZ Vetting Instruction for Association, Societies &
Clubs.
In this scenario, the Beneficial Owner can be a President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, Senior
Management or individual who has effective control.
11.1.6 Entity types eligible for Simplified Due Diligence
Entity types listed under section 18(2) of the AML/CFT Act are eligible for Simplified Due Diligence.
Examples of these include listed issuers, local authorities, state enterprises, crown entities,
government bodies, etc.
Collect and verify the information listed in the NZ Vetting Instruction for these entity types.
In this scenario, Afterpay NZ is not required to identify or verify the identity of a Beneficial Owner.
14 Afterpay NZ does not provide services to Limited Partnerships.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 53

Confidential
11.1.7 Additional information requirements under Regulation 11 and 11A
In alignment with Regulation 11 and 11A of the AML/CFT (Requirements and Compliance)
Amendment Regulations 2023, for Companies, Trusts and Partnerships, Afterpay NZ must collect,
and according to the level of risk involved, take reasonable steps to verify the information Afterpay
NZ have obtained:
● The Merchant’s legal form and proof of existence;
● The Merchant’s ownership and control structure; and
● Any powers that bind and regulate the Merchant.
11.2 Procedure for the collection and verification of Merchant
identification information
1. Determine the Merchant entity type
2. Determine if Standard CDD or Simplified CDD applies.
3. Collect at minimum the information specified in the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction.
4. Verify the information specified in the NZ Merchant Vetting Instruction. This step is aided
by automation provided by the vendor, Trulioo, who automate the matching of Merchant
information to return results of these matches.
5. If a Merchant is a trust, and is assessed as being higher risk or if any of the other matters
listed in Section 7.4 apply, ECDD must be performed.
6. If Merchant identification and verification requirements are not met, the Merchant will
not be on-boarded.
7. Retain a copy of a record of the procedure to identify and verify the identity of a Merchant
and the information obtained in the course of identifying and verifying the identity of a
Merchant.
11.3 Reporting discrepancies
From time to time, discrepancies will arise in the identification documentation obtained from
Merchants and their beneficial owners. Discrepancies may be easily explainable – individuals change
their names when they marry and sometimes use a pseudonym.
Any unusual discrepancy must be reported to our AML/CFT Compliance Officer / delegate promptly.
The AML/CFT Compliance Officer will review the discrepancy and decide whether further
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 54

Confidential
investigation is required or the discrepancy is easily explainable. The AML/CFT Compliance Officer
may determine that a suspicious transaction report/suspicious activity report is required as a result of
the discrepancy or enhanced CDD needs to be conducted on the Merchant.
12. Document Management
12.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the AML/CFT Compliance Officer or their designee. If you have any
questions arising from this Programme, please contact the AML/CFT Compliance Officer.
12.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with this Section 2 of this Program.
13 Exceptions
Exceptions to this Program, if any, can only be approved by the AML/CFT Compliance Officer.
14.4 Revision & Approval History
Version Approver Approval Reason for Issue Date
Type
01 Barry Odes Creation Commencement of New Zealand business 17 August 2017
Board
02 Cassandra Material … Decline of Ministerial exemption application 22 May 2020
Williams, resulting in need to conduct electronic
Chief Enterprise identity verification, enhanced customer due
Risk Officer diligence and PEP checks on Consumers
from 22 May 2020, updates to incorporate
Board recommendations from 2019 audit, and
general update of AML/CFT Programme
following review.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 55

Confidential
2.1 Cassandra Material … Change of AML/CFT Compliance Officer, 12 August
Williams, Updates to reflect amended consumer limits; 2020
Chief Enterprise change of planned implementation date of
Risk Officer NZ Consumer IDV, other minor administrative
updates.
Board
2.1 N/A Immater… New template only – no other changes. 10 September
2020
2.2 Cassandra Material … Updates following desktop review and 2 February
Williams, feedback from the Department of Internal 2021
Chief Enterprise Affairs.
Risk Officer
Change to approval conditions, allowing the
Board AML/CFT Officer to approve minor changes,
and specifically Schedule 1.
Change to Consumer IDV standards under
the IVCOP, including the inclusion of
additional IDV data sources.
New provision allowing for certain exceptions
to be approved by the AML/CFT Officer to the
Merchant and Consumer IDV processes.
3.0 John Alfano Material … Changes arising from acquisition of Afterpay 28 June 2022
AML/CFT by Block Inc.
Compliance
Officer Inclusion of recommendations from the 2022
Independent Audit of the NZ AML
Board Programme.
Removal of local summary Risk Assessment,
to highlight adoption of Global ML/TF and
Sanctions Risk Assessment, removal of
requirements for internal review, updates to
approval process, and changes to employee
training and due diligence process to align
with Block.
Key Terms table was added.
4.0 AML/CFT Material … Appointment of AML/CFT Compliance Officer. 14 April 2023
Compliance Addition of Trulioo as a third party service
Officer provider facilitating Merchant Onboarding.
Other minor administrative changes to bring
Board the program up to date.
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 56

Confidential
5.0 AML/CFT Material … Inclusion of Anti-Money Laundering and 31 July 2023
Compliance Countering Financing of Terrorism
Officer Regulations Amendment Regulations 2023
issued by the Ministry of Justice.
Board Clarification of Consumer Manual IDV
processes and Ongoing Account Monitoring
and CDD.
Other minor administrative changes to bring
the program up to date.
5.0 N/A Immater… New template only 31 August
2023
5.1 AML/CFT Immater… Adoption of the Afterpay New Zealand 2023 12 September
Compliance ML/FT and Sanctions Risk Assessment. 2023
Officer
Minor administrative changes to bring the
program up to date.
Board 31 October
2023
5.2 AML/CFT Immater… Inclusion of the AML/CFT Amendment 29 May 2024
Compliance Regulations 2023 updates effective 1 June
Officer
2024.
Clarification and re-structure of Customer
Due Diligence sections.
Assessment and conclusion of electronic
sources has been moved into a stand alone
document.
Update to include newly appointed Board
Members.
Minor administrative changes to bring the
programme up to date.
6.0 AML/CFT Material … Adoption of the Afterpay New Zealand 2024 4 October
Compliance ML/TF and Sanctions Risk Assessment. 2024
Officer
Clarification of Consumer Due Diligence, and
inclusion of alternative method of verification
using document based verification.
Board 23 October
Minor administrative changes to bring the 2024
programme up to date as part of annual
review.
6.1 AML/CFT Immater… Extension of expiry until 31 Dec 2026 for, Part June 2, 2025
Compliance 7 of the Anti-Money Laundering and
Officer Countering Financing Terrorism (Class
Martina Ka… Exemptions) Amendment Notice 2023 (Class
Exemption Notice).
Clarification of customer risk rating, simplified
due diligence for certain Merchant types and
other minor administrative changes to bring
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 57

Confidential
the programme up to date and align with the
new template.
6.2 AML/CFT Material … Adoption of the Afterpay New Zealand 2025 17 January
Compliance ML/TF and Sanctions Risk Assessment. 2026
Officer
Martina Ka…
15 Document Details
Business Afterpay
Scope Regional (New Zealand)
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner AML/CFT Compliance Officer
Last Approval Date January 17, 2026
Effective Date January 17, 2026
Approved By AML/CFT Compliance Officer
Document Review Schedule Annually [December 2026]
NZ AML/CFT Programme | Afterpay NZ Limited 58