Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism
Financing Program
Square | Square AU Pty Ltd
Last Approved: Mar 30, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 30, 2026
2069011825

Revision and approval history
Ver Approver Type Description Date
Senior Creation Initial Creation of document August 21, 2015
Managemen
t
The Board Initial Approval September 15,
2015
The Board Material Written resolution to appoint a new July 6, 2016
Change
AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
Approval
Square Material Updated for risk assessment, new August 2017
Australia Change Customer types, and list of
AML/CTF Approval products and services.
Compliance
Officer
The Board Material August 30, 2017
Change
Approval
Square Material Updated for AML/CTF risk November, 2018
Australia Change awareness
AML/CTF Approval
training, employee due diligence,
Compliance
Officer AUSTRAC guidance, regular
independent review, list of products
The Board Material December 6, 2018
and services, and external
Change
providers.
Approval
Square Material Updated AML/CTF risk assessment, May 2020
Australia Change
employee due diligence, regular
Approval
AML/CTF
independent review, verification
Compliance methods, and Beneficial Owners.
Officer Added sections on sanctions, new
Customer types, and roles and
The Board Material June 17, 2020
responsibilities.
Change
Approval
Square Scheduled Updated risk assessment, November 1, 2021
Australia Review designated services, contractor
obligations, organisational
AML/CTF
structure, roles and responsibilities,
Compliance employee due diligence
requirements, and Square Inc to
Officer
Block Inc.
The Board Material December 9, 2021
Added information on business loan
Change
products.
Approval

Ver Approver Type Description Date
Square Immaterial Updating Employee Due Diligence
Australia Change
Program Requirements
Approval
AML/CTF
Compliance
Officer
The Board Material June 23, 2022
Change
Approval
Square Scheduled Update risk assessment ratings, May 1, 2023
Australia Review Update agency workers audit
requirements, Updated
AML/CTF
Organisational Structure, Removed
Compliance Sanction Country List to be more
flexible with changes in the
Officer
Sanctions Regime.
The Board Immaterial December 8, 2022
Change
Approval
Square Scheduled Migrated document to new template March 6, 2023
Australia Review and updated External Service
Providers section.
AML/CTF
Compliance
Officer
Square AU Scheduled Merged Customer November 21, 2023
Review Identification and Verification
Compliance
Program into Part B
Program
Manager
The Board Scheduled Update the AML CTF risk December 13, 2023
Review assessment results.
● Migrated document to
Square AU Scheduled November 18, 2024
new template,
Review
Compliance
● Added in Risk-based
Program Approach,
Manager ● Minor update to
Employee Due
Diligence section

Ver Approver Type Description Date
following updated EDD
Square AU Scheduled November 18, 2024
Program
Review
Compliance
Program
Manager
Square AU Scheduled December 12, 2024
Review
Compliance
Program
Manager
Square AU Scheduled Redrafted the program to AML/CTF March 30, 2026
Review Policies to comply with updated
AML/CTF
AML/CTF Laws.
Compliance
Officer
The Square Material
AU Board Change
and the Approval
Senior
Manager
Questions
Any questions arising from these AML/CTF Policies, please contact the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
or a Senior Manager.

Part A
Overview of the Square AU AML/CTF Program
1. Overview of the AML/CTF Program
1.1 About Square AU
Square AU Pty Ltd ACN 167 106 176 (Square AU, we, or us) is a Reporting Entity enrolled on the
Reporting Entity Roll, and to be registered on the Remittance Sector Register managed by the
Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) for the purposes of AML/CTF Laws.
Square AU is a wholly owned subsidiary of Block, Inc (Block). Square AU is the provider of a
managed payments business and the issuer of business loans to Australian Customers. This
document is the AML/CTF Policies for Square AU and applies to all areas of Square AUʼs business
relating to the provision of the Designated Services.
We recognise that there is a risk that our services may be used to facilitate money laundering,
terrorism and proliferation financing. The Square AU ML/TF Risk Assessment is summarised in
Schedule 1.
By having procedures to more effectively identify the Customers of our Designated Services, and
policies to manage and mitigate ML/TF/PF risk, we provide both a deterrent to persons considering
the misuse of our services but also generate records that provide an audit trail that may be relied
upon by law enforcement agencies entitled to access the information.
Square AU acknowledges that from 31 March 2026, Reporting Entities must demonstrate compliance
with the updated CDD, SCDD, ECDD, sanctions, outsourcing and proliferation finance prevention
requirements introduced under the AML/CTF Acts and associated AML/CTF Rules. This AML/CTF
Program incorporates those expanded obligations.
1.2 Square AU AML/CTF Program
The Square AU AML/CTF Program comprises:
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment of Square AU,1 as summarised in Schedule 1; and
● these AML/CTF Policies. These AML/CTF Policies have been designed to:
o appropriately manage and mitigate the risks of ML/TF/PF that Square AU may
reasonably face in providing its Designated Services. Each Designated Service
that Square AU provides (or may provide) to Customers are set out in Schedule
2;2
o ensure that Square AU complies with the obligations imposed by the AML/CTF
Laws;3 and
o be appropriate to the nature, size and complexity of the Square AU business.4
1 AML/CTF Act, ss 26C – 26E.
2 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(a).
3 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(b).
4 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(c). AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(d) also requires the Reporting Entity to develop and maintain AML/CTF Policies that deal
with certain matters in respect of transfer of value. The Designated Services we provide do not trigger this obligation.
1

Square AU must comply with these AML/CTF Policies.5
1.3 Application of these AML/CTF Policies
The previous version of the Square AU AML/CTF Program was formally approved and adopted by the
Governing Body (i.e. the board of directors of Square AU on 11 December 2024. This version is
approved and adopted by the Governing Body and a Senior Manager on 30 March 2026.
The full amendment and approval history of these AML/CTF Policies can be found at the beginning of
this document. Square AU keeps a record of these approvals.
The Designated Services provided by Square AU are listed in Schedule 2.
1.4 Enrolment and registration with AUSTRAC
Square AU is required to enrol with AUSTRAC no later than 28 days after commencing to provide a
Designated Service as a Reporting Entity.6 Square AU will be registered with AUSTRAC as described
in section 31.
As a Reporting Entity enrolled with AUSTRAC, we will advise the AUSTRAC CEO of any changes to the
enrolment details which were provided to AUSTRAC when we are enrolled as a Reporting Entity.7 This
includes information about our Designated Services,8 and information relating to us.9 It also includes
updating our annual earnings where earnings of $100 million or more occur.10
As an independent remittance provider registered with AUSTRAC, we will advise the AUSTRAC CEO
of any change in circumstances that could materially affect our registration,11 and changes12 to our
registrable details, changes to criminal or civil proceedings relating to us or our key personnel,
changes to information regarding other person assisting, changes to foreign country registrations or
licences, us ceasing to provide registrable services, changes to the details of Beneficiary Owners,
and changes to persons located in foreign countries.13
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that the AUSTRAC CEO is notified of any changes to the
above enrolment or registration details within 14 days of the change occurring.14
2. Updates to the AML/CTF Program
2.1 Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment
The ML/TF Risk Assessment will be kept under review and updated from time to time as described in
Part C of these AML/CTF Policies.
Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment:
● may be made with the approval of a Senior Manager with authority to do so. Senior
Managers with such authority are specified in Schedule 3; 15
● must be notified, in writing, to the Governing Body of Square AU as soon as practicable
after the update is made; and16
● will result in a review and update of these AML/CTF Policies where required in
accordance with section 2.3.17
5 AML/CTF Act, ss 26G(1).
6 AML/CTF Act section 51B.
7 AML/CTF Act, s 51F.
8 AML/CTF Rules, r 3-9(1) which specifies information in r 3-2.
9 AML/CTF Rules, r 3-9(1) which specifies information in r 3-3.
10 AML/CTF Rules, r 3-9(2) which specifies information in r 3-4(2).
11 AML/CTF Act, s 75M(1)(d).
12 AML/CTF Act, s 75M(1)(e).
13 AML/CTF Rules, r 4-34.
14 AML/CTF Act, ss 51F(2)(a) and 75M(4)(a).
15 AML/CTF Act, s 26P(1)
16 AML/CTF Act, s 26P(2)
17 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(c)(i).
2

2.2 Updates to AML/CTF Policies
These AML/CTF Policies will be kept under review and updated from time to time including:
● as a result of any need identified as part of the AML/CTF Compliance Officerʼs review as
described in section 2.3;
● in response to AUSTRAC feedback and guidance as described in section 3;
● following an independent evaluation as described in section 4; and
● in response to a review of the ML/TF Risk Assessment as described in section 9.
Changes to the AML/CTF Policies must be approved by a Senior Manager with authority to do so.
Senior Managers with such authority are specified in Schedule 3. 18
2.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer review
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that a review of the AML/CTF Policies is conducted at
least annually.19 This review will cover:
● our compliance with these AML/CTF Policies;
● the extent to which our AML/CTF Policies are appropriately managing and mitigating the
ML/TF/PF risk that we may reasonably face in providing our designated services; and
● our compliance with the AML/CTF Laws.20
Following this review, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must report to the Governing Body on the
findings of this review in accordance with section 5.3.
2.4 Documenting updates to the AML/CTF Program
If we update the AML/CTF Program (including these AML/CTF Policies or the ML/TF Risk
Assessment), we must document the AML/CTF Program (as updated) within 14 days after the update
occurs.21
2.5 Role of supporting systems and processes
These AML/CTF Policies will be supported by internal procedures, systems and controls to ensure
that Square AU implements its obligations consistently with these AML/CTF Policies. These
supporting arrangements include but are not limited to:
● Square AUʼs Activation Customer Risk Rating (aCRR) and Continuous Customer Risk
Rating (cCRR) models
● Block - Anti-Money laundering & Counter Financing of Terrorism Policy
● Square AU - Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Risk Awareness Training
Program
● Square AU - Politically Exposed Person Watchlist Program
● Square AU – Enhanced Customer Due Diligence Program
● Square AU – Suspicious Matter Report Program
● Square AU – Third Party Risk Management Policy
The governance of changes to those supporting internal procedures, systems and controls will be
documented in those materials.
Provided that the supporting internal procedures, systems and controls operate consistently with
these AML/CTF Policies, changes to those processes, systems and controls may not require the
approval of a Senior Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, we will ensure that any material changes to
our policies, procedures, systems and controls to manage the ML/TF Risk in our business will be
approved by a Senior Manager and the Square AU AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
18 AML/CTF Act, s 26P(1)
19 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(d).
20 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5 – 7.
21 AML/CTF Act, s 26N(1); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-15(2).
3

3. AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
3.1 Incorporation of AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
Our AML/CTF Policies have been developed and are updated taking into account:
● any applicable guidance material publicly disseminated or published by AUSTRAC; and
● any feedback we receive from AUSTRAC in respect of our own business or the industry
we operate in,
that is relevant to the identification, mitigation and management of ML/TF/PF risk arising from our
provision of Designated Services. We do this by following the process set out below in section 3.2.
3.2 Actioning AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
Following receipt of direct AUSTRAC feedback (either written or oral) or becoming aware of
applicable AUSTRAC guidance, a Senior Manager and/or the AML/CTF Compliance Officer (as
appropriate) will consider the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance and any necessary action.
Where it is appropriate to do so, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may inform AUSTRAC of any action
we have taken (or have decided to take), including but not limited to updating the AML/CTF Program,
in relation to the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance, according to Square AUʼs Regulatory Change
Management Program.
4. Independent evaluations
4.1 Frequency of independent evaluations
We will conduct independent evaluations of the AML/CTF Program including both the ML/TF Risk
Assessment and the AML/CTF Policies every 2 years (or more frequently if warranted by risk, material
changes, or AUSTRAC feedback.22
4.2 Conducting an independent evaluation
As part of the conduct of an independent evaluation, we will ensure the independent evaluation
involves:23
(a) evaluation of the steps taken by the Reporting Entity when undertaking or reviewing the
Reporting Entityʼs ML/TF risk assessment, against the requirements of the Act, the
regulations and the AML/CTF Rules;
(b) evaluation of the design of the Reporting Entityʼs AML/CTF policies, against the
requirements of the Act, the regulations and the AML/CTF Rules;
(c) testing and evaluation of the compliance of the Reporting Entity with the Reporting
Entityʼs AML/CTF policies;
(d) testing and evaluation of whether the Reporting Entity is appropriately identifying,
assessing, managing and mitigating the risks of money laundering, financing of terrorism
and proliferation financing that the Reporting Entity may reasonably face in providing its
designated services;
(e) production of a written report (an independent evaluation report) containing findings on
the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (d); and
22 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(f).
23 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-10(2).
4

(f) delivery of the independent evaluation report to the Governing body of the Reporting
Entity and to any Senior Manager responsible for approvals of the AML/CTF Program as
described in section 6.3.
4.3 Choosing appropriate third parties for independent evaluations
Square AU will determine the suitability, independence, requisite knowledge and experience of any
third-party firm being engaged to conduct independent evaluation and by considering whether they:
● are able to form an appropriate understanding of Square AUʼs business including its
products and services, and the ML/TF/PF risks associated;
● are able to form an appropriate understanding of Square AUʼs AML/CTF obligations;
● have not been involved in designing, implementing or maintaining of the AML/CTF
Program, including the ML/TF Risk Assessment and AML/CTF Policies, or any related
systems and controls;
● have not been involved in undertaking any of the functions or measures being reviewed;
and
● have appropriate experience, seniority and authority, including relevant industry
expertise.
4.4 Response to independent evaluations
We will respond to an independent evaluation report by considering whether it has any adverse
findings in relation to our AML/CTF Policies.24
If an independent evaluation report contains adverse findings in relation to our AML/CTF Policies we
will:
● as soon as practicable review the relevant AML/CTF Policies as set out in Section 9.2;25
and
● update any AML/CTF Policies as soon as practicable to address the adverse findings.26
24 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-10.
25 AML/CTF Rules, rr 5-1(2) and 5-4.
26 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-4.
5

Part B
Governance
5. Governing body
5.1 Responsibilities of Governing Bodies
The Governing Body will exercise appropriate ongoing oversight of:
● our identification and assessment of the risk for the purposes of our ML/TF Risk
Assessment; and
● our compliance with our AML/CTF Policies and the AML/CTF Laws.27
The Governing Body will take reasonable steps to ensure that we are:
● appropriately identifying, assessing, managing and mitigating the risks of ML/TF/ PF that
that we may reasonably face in providing designated services; and
● otherwise complying with these AML/CTF Policies and the AML/CTF Laws.28
5.2 Governing Body remaining informed
The Governing Body will keep informed through:
● the ongoing reporting by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, as described in section 5.3;
● updates provided from Senior Managers, including as part of updating the Governing
Body as part of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment described in section 9.3; and
● ongoing training provided to the Governing Body, as described in section 29. Training for
the Governing Body will be appropriately tailored for the roles and responsibilities of the
Governing Body and will occur at least annually.
5.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body
The Governing Body will receive reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer in accordance with
the following:29
No. Frequency Content
1. At least every 12 months The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will report to the Governing
Body on the outcome of the annual review undertaken as
described in section 2.3. The report to the Governing Body will
cover:
● our compliance with these AML/CTF Policies;
● the extent to which our AML/CTF Policies are
appropriately managing and mitigating the risks of
ML/TF/PF that we may reasonably face in
providing our designated services; and
● our compliance with the AML/CTF Laws; and30
● reviews of the AML/CTF framework including
identification of, and progress in relation to,
AML/CTF processes, systems and controls or
27 AML/CTF Act, s 26H(1)(a).
28 AML/CTF Act, s 26H(1)(b),
29 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5 – 7.
30 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5 – 7.
6

No. Frequency Content
other aspects of AML/CTF compliance requiring
uplift.
2. Quarterly The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will provide periodic updates
covering the following, to the extent relevant to the reporting
period:
● reports of, or the results from, independent
reviews, internal reviews or compliance
assessments, or other assessments as to our
current state of compliance with the AML/CTF
Laws;
● AUSTRAC feedback, the management of
AUSTRAC feedback and information provided to
AUSTRAC (such as AML/CTF compliance reports
or responses to notices) in accordance with
section 3;
● relevant business trends which may include
operational metrics (for example, SMRs);
● relevant regulatory changes, market
developments or identification of new risk
typologies;
● identification of breaches of AML/CTF Laws in
accordance with section 30 and how relevant
incidents are being remediated and monitored;
and
● any other subject matter that the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer considers appropriate to bring
to the Governing Bodyʼs attention.
3. Following an independent The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will report to the Governing
evaluation Body on the outcome of an independent evaluation undertaken
in accordance with section 4.2 in the quarterly report of the
quarter in which the independent evaluation report is received.
4. Ad hoc at the request of Any updates otherwise contemplated under rows 1, 2 or 3
the AML/CTF Compliance above in this table outside the scheduled reporting periods as
Officer, a Senior Manager identified by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, a Senior
or the Governing Body. Manager or the Governing Body as being necessary or
appropriate in the circumstances.
All reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be provided with sufficient detail to enable the
Governing Body to engage with the information and enable the Governing Body to understand
ML/TF/PF risks and existing or developing compliance considerations.
7

6. Senior Managers
6.1 Overview of Senior Managers
We have identified Senior Managers with responsibility for making approvals of certain matters.
These Senior Managers have been identified as individuals who make, or participate in making,
decisions that affect the whole, or a substantial part, of the business of Square AU.
Square AU will have one or more Senior Managers designated to it. The roles and responsibilities of
each Senior Manager may differ. The names of the Senior Managers, and their approval authorities,
are set out in Schedule 3.
6.2 Designation of Senior Managers for approving AML/CTF Program
Our ML/TF Risk Assessment and AML/CTF Policies, including any updates to either, must be
approved by a Senior Manager.
Senior Managers will be responsible for approving:
● the AML/CTF Policies (including any updates to these); and
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment (including any updates to these),31
are specified in Schedule 3.
6.3 Ongoing matters requiring approval of Senior Manager
The approval of a Senior Manager will be obtained before we do any of the following:
● commence to provide a Designated Service to a Customer, we have established on
reasonable grounds that the Customer, any Beneficial Owner of the Customer or any
person on whose behalf the Customer is receiving the service is a Foreign PEP;
● commence to provide a Designated Service to a Customer, if:
o we have established on reasonable grounds that the Customer, any Beneficial
Owner of the Customer or any person on whose behalf the Customer is
receiving the service is a Domestic PEP; and
o the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer is high;
● commence to provide a Designated Service to a Customer, if:
o we have established on reasonable grounds that the Customer, any Beneficial
Owner of the Customer or any person on whose behalf the Customer is
receiving the service is an International Organisation PEP; and
o the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer is high;
● continue a business relationship with a Customer if we have established on reasonable
grounds that the Customer, any Beneficial Owner of the Customer or any person on
whose behalf the Customer is receiving the Designated Service:
o has become a Foreign PEP; or
o has become a Domestic PEP, or an International Organisation PEP, in
circumstances where the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer is high;
or
● enter into an agreement or arrangement of the kind referred to in paragraph 37A1a of
the AML/CTF Act as the first entity.32
Senior Managers with authority to give this approval are specified in Schedule 3.
31 AML/CTF Act, ss 26F(4)(c) and 26P(1).
32 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(e); AML/CTF Rules, r 5- 5. AML/CTF Act, s 37A(1)(a): This is where there is a reliance arrangement between 2
reporting entities and the first reporting entity is seeking to rely on the CDD undertaken by the other entity. For the purposes of this section,
a foreign PEP is taken to be a domestic PEP of (a) and (b) in Rule 5-5(2).
8

If we determine that a person was previously a PEP, we will treat then in accordance with the same
controls as an ongoing Politically Exposed Person if we consider it appropriate to do so having regard
to:
● whether the person still has influence over public policy or expenditure decisions;
● the time that has elapsed since the person was a Politically Exposed Person;
● whether the person is still prominent and politically connected; and
● any other information that suggests the person may still have a high ML/TF risk because
of their former status as a PEP.33
6.4 AML/CTF Training for Senior Manager(s)
To ensure that our Senior Managers have the necessary knowledge and skills to carry out their
approval functions, they will receive AML/CTF training as referred to in section 29.
7. AML/CTF Compliance Officer
7.1 Designation of AML/CTF Compliance Officer
We must designate an AML/CTF Compliance Officer34 no later than 28 days after the day on which we
commence to provide a designated service.35
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer we appoint will be:
● a person employed or otherwise engaged by Square AU at a management level;36
● a person with sufficient authority, independence and access to resources and
information to ensure the individual can perform the functions of an AML/CTF
Compliance Officer effectively;37
● a resident of Australia (if we provide designated services at or through a permanent
establishment in Australia);38 and
● a fit and proper person.39
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be appointed by the Governing Body.
7.2 Fit and proper requirement
To determine if an individual is a fit and proper person to be an AML/CTF Compliance Officer we will
have regard to:
● whether the individual possesses the necessary competence, skills, knowledge,
diligence, expertise and soundness of judgement to properly perform the duties of the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer for Square AU (having regard to the nature, size and
complexity of Square AU;
● whether the individual has the attributes of good character, honesty and integrity;
● whether the individual has been convicted of a serious offence;40
● whether the individual has been the subject of civil or criminal proceedings, or a
regulatory or disciplinary process in Australia or a foreign country that:
o related to the management of an entity, or commercial or professional activity;
and
33 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-5(5).
34 AML/CTF Act, ss 26J(1) and 26F(4)(b).
35 AML/CTF Act, s 26K(2).
36 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(2)(a).
37 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(2)(b).
38 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(a).
39 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(b).
40 This does not affect the operation of Part VIIC of the Crimes Act 1914 (which includes provisions that, in certain circumstances relieve
persons from the requirement to disclose spent convictions and require persons aware of such convictions to disregard them).
9

o involved an adverse finding as to the individualʼs competence, diligence,
judgement, honesty or integrity;
● whether the individual is an undischarged bankrupt under the law of Australia or a
foreign country;
● whether the individual has executed a personal insolvency agreement under Part X of
the Bankruptcy Act 1966 Cth or a similar law of a foreign country; and
● whether the individual has a conflict of interest that will create a material risk that the
individual will fail to properly perform the duties of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer for
Square AU.41
7.3 Functions of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will:
● oversee and coordinate our day-to-day compliance with the AML/CTF Laws;
● oversee and coordinate the effective operation of and compliance with our AML/CTF
Policies;
● communicate, on behalf of us with AUSTRAC; and
● do anything incidental to or conducive to the performance of any of the above
functions.42
7.4 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body
The Governing Body will receive reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer as described in
section 5.3.43
7.5 Delegation of duties
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may delegate any of their duties to appropriately trained and skilled
Square Personnel as they see fit and if appropriate, in the context of Square AUʼs business operations
and AML/CTF compliance.
In addition to delegating to Square Personnel, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may also delegate in
accordance with Outsourced Services Provider delegations.
The responsibility for oversight of all AML/CTF matters resides with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will also retain overall responsibility for their role even where some
compliance functions are delegated.
7.6 AML/CTF Training for the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
To ensure that our AML/CTF Compliance Officer has the necessary knowledge and skills to carry out
their functions, they will receive AML/CTF training as referred to in section 29.
7.7 Notifying AUSTRAC of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
We will notify AUSTRAC of the individual who is designated as our AML/CTF Compliance Officer
within 14 days after the individual is designated as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.44
We will ensure this notice is in the approved form and contains the information and is accompanied by
such documents, as is required by the approved form.45
41 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(c). AML/CTF Rules, r 5-14(1).
42 AML/CTF Act, s 26L.
43 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-7.
44 AML/CTF Act, s 26M(1).
45 AML/CTF Act, s 26M(2).
10

Part C
ML/TF Risk Assessment
8. ML/TF Risk Assessment
8.1 Overview of Square AU ML/TF Risk Assessment
Square AU has undertaken an ML/TF Risk Assessment - 2025 AML/CTF and Sanctions Risk
Assessment, Square AU Pty Ltd Sep 2025. In undertaking this ML/TF Risk Assessment, we have had
regard to the nature, size and complexity of Square AUʼs business.46
We have had regard to the following matters in undertaking the ML/TF Risk Assessment where we
provide Designated Services at or through a permanent establishment in Australia:
● the kinds of Designated Services provided (including any new or emerging technologies
relating to those services);
● the kinds of Customers to whom Designated Services are or will be provided;
● the delivery channels (including any new or emerging technologies relating to those
delivery channels);
● the countries in which we deal/will deal, including the possible applicability of Australian
sanctions; and
● any information communicated directly or indirectly by AUSTRAC that identifies /
assesses the risks associated with our provision of Designated Services.47
8.2 Square AU ML/TF Risk Assessment
Square AU will not provide any Designated Services without an ML/TF Risk Assessment being in
place and kept up to date in accordance with these AML/CTF Policies.
A summary of our ML/TF Risk Assessment is set out in Schedule 1
9. Reviewing the ML/TF Risk Assessment
9.1 Ongoing review of ML/TF Risk Assessment
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer is responsible for ensuring that the ML/TF Risk Assessment is
subject to ongoing review for the purpose of identifying and assessing any new risks or changes to
previously assessed ML/TF/PF risk.48 This ongoing review will be undertaken in a manner that is
appropriate to Square AUʼs nature, size and complexity.
On an ongoing basis, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will consider whether there has been a
significant change to any of the matters listed in in section 8.1.49 If there has been a significant change
to one of these matters, the process as set out in section 9.2 below will be followed.
This ongoing consideration of matters will form part of the AML/CTF Compliance Officerʼs periodic
(but no less than annual) review. The results and any recommendations will be reported to the
Governing Body annually, and earlier if a significant change is identified in any of the matters. The
consideration and outcomes will be documented in the ML/TF Risk Assessment and AML/CTF
governance records and retained in the Compliance records repository.
46 AML/CTF Act, s 26C(2).
47 AML/CTF Act, s 26C(3).
48 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1).
49 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(a).
11

9.2 Triggers and timing
A review of the ML/TF Risk Assessment (Review) must be undertaken if any of the following events
(Review Trigger Events) occur:
Review Trigger Event Timing for Review and updates
There is a significant change to the matters Within control of Square AU
listed in section 8.150 ● If the change is within the control
of Square AU, the Review must be
undertaken before the significant
change occurs.
● Any updates required to the ML/TF
Risk Assessment to address any
issues identified in the Review must
be made before the significant
change occurs.
Not within control of Square AU
● If the change is not within the
control of Square AU, the Review
must be undertaken as soon as
practicable after the significant
change occurs.51
● Any updates required to the ML/TF
Risk Assessment to address any
issues identified in the Review must
be made as soon as practicable
after the Review is completed.
● The Review must be undertaken as
AUSTRAC communicates information that
soon as practicable after the
identifies or assesses risks associated with
information is communicated.53
Square AUʼs provision of designated
services.52 ● Any updates required to the ML/TF
Risk Assessment to address any
issues identified in the Review must
be made as soon as practicable
after the Review is completed.
● The Review must be undertaken as
An independent evaluation report contains
soon as practicable after the
adverse findings in relation to the ML/TF Risk
Governing Body receives the
Assessment.54
independent evaluation report, in
accordance with section 5.3.55
● Any updates required to the ML/TF
Risk Assessment to address any
issues identified in the Review must
50 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(a)(i).
51 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(a) – (b).
52 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(a)(ii).
53 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(c).
54 AML/CTF Act, s Section 26D(1)(a)(iii); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-1(1).
55 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(d). AML/CTF Rules, r 5-1(2).
12

Review Trigger Event Timing for Review and updates
be made as soon as practicable
after the Review is completed56.
In addition, the ML/TF Risk Assessment must be reviewed by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer at
least annually (whether or not any of the above events occur).57
Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk Assessment to address any issues identified in the Review
must be made as soon as practicable after the Review is completed58 and according to the Issue
Management Program.
9.3 Oversight of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment following Review
The updated ML/TF Risk Assessment must be approved by a Senior Manager in accordance with
section 2.1. The change must be notified to the Governing Body as practicable after the update in
accordance with section 2.1.
9.4 Exception – PF Risk Assessment
As set out in the summary of the ML/TF Risk Assessment in Schedule 1 we have assessed the PF risk
we may reasonably face as Low, according to Block - 2025 Annual Risks & Controls Assessment -
Square AU Pty. Ltd. Our residual PF risk, after considering the effectiveness of controls and
operational limitations, was also assessed as Low.
We have assessed that our risk of PF can be appropriately managed and mitigated by our policies,
procedures, systems and controls that we have in place to manage and mitigate ML or TF risks as
detailed in these AML/CTF Policies.59
The PF risk we reasonably face when providing Designated Services is kept under review in
accordance with this section 9.
56 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(4)(b).
57 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(b).
58 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(4).
59 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(11).
13

Part D
Customer Due Diligence policies
10. Overview of Customer Due Diligence
Our approach to Customer Due Diligence is set out in this Part D of these AML/CTF Policies. This Part
D sets out:
Overview Detail Note
The Customer Types that we ordinarily provide Section 11 Effective from 31
Designated Services to. March 2026
How we assess ML/TF/PF risk in connection with Section 12 Effective from 31
Customers and how this is used in providing March 2026
Designated Services.
Election to apply applicable Customer identification Section 13 Effective from 31
procedures March 2026 until 30
March 2029, or an
earlier date as
determined by us
How we undertake Initial Customer Due Diligence Sections 14 and 15 Delayed until 31
including where we may delay and otherwise modify March 2029, or an
undertaking Initial Due Diligence. earlier date as
determined by us
The circumstances where we may apply Simplified Sections 16 and 17 Delayed until 31
Customer Due Diligence and must apply Enhanced March 2029, or an
Customer Due Diligence as part of Initial Customer earlier date as
Due Diligence. determined by us
How we determine and assess PEPs Section 18 Delayed until 31
March 2029, or an
earlier date as
determined by us
How we determine Beneficial Owners Section 19 Delayed until 31
March 2029, or an
earlier date as
determined by us
How we verify KYC Information as part of Customer Section 20 Delayed until 31
Due Diligence March 2029, or an
earlier date as
determined by us
How we undertake Ongoing Customer Due Diligence Sections 21 to 25 Effective from 31
including the monitoring of Customers and how we: March 2026
● monitor for unusual transactions and
behaviours;
14

Overview Detail Note
● review and update ML/TF Customer Risk;
and
● review and update of KYC Information
relating to a Customer.
11. Customer Types
11.1 Customer Types
Whenever we receive a request for the provision of a Designated Service from a prospective
Customer, we must first establish the Customer Type. Ordinarily, we provide Designated Services at
general availability to the following Customer Types:
● individuals (including sole traders);
● body corporates;
● unincorporated partnerships and associations;
● government bodies;
● trusts or foreign equivalents.
Where relevant, we will also establish which of the above Customer Types an Associated Person is, in
accordance with the Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedure.
11.2 New Customer Types
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may decide that it is appropriate for us to provide Designated
Services to a Customer Type to whom we do not ordinarily provide Designated Services. In doing so,
the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must have regard to the relevant ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the
prospective Customer.
We will amend these AML/CTF Policies if we decide to provide Designated Services to a new
Customer Type on a regular or continual basis and consider whether any changes are required to the
ML/TF Risk Assessment in accordance with section 8.
12. Assessing the ML/TF/PF risk of our Customers
12.1 How we assess the ML/TF/PF risk of our Customers
Before we provide a Designated Service to a Customer, we will assess the ML/TF/PF risk we may
reasonably face in providing a Designated Service to the Customer.60 We will conduct this assessment
using the KYC Information reasonably available to us prior to onboarding, together with empirical and
behavioural indicators generated through Square AUʼs Activation Customer Risk Rating (aCRR) and
Continuous Customer Risk Rating (cCRR) models, which support the identification of potential
ML/TF/PF risk.61
Square AUʼs machine-learning models operate under Squareʼs model governance, validation and
change-management processes to ensure they remain appropriate, reliable, and consistent with our
AML/CTF obligations.
The ML/TF Customer Risk Rating assigned to a Customer is dynamic and may change as we
undertake Customer Due Diligence in connection with the Customer.
60 AML/CTF Act, s 28(3)(b). AML/CTF Act, s 5: ML/TF risk a Customer means the risks of money laundering, financing of terrorism and
proliferation financing that a reporting entity may reasonably face in providing the designated service, or designated services, to the
Customer.
61 AML/CTF Act, s 28(3)(b).
15

12.2 Assessing ML/TF Customer Risk
We will take into account the following matters when assessing the ML/TF Customer Risk of a
Customer:
● our ML/TF Risk Assessment;
● the Customer Type;
● the kinds of Designated Service provided, or proposed to be provided, by us to the
Customer;
● the delivery channels through which we will provide the Designated Service, including
remote digital onboarding and verification processes to the Customer;
● the countries with which we deal, or will deal, in providing the Designated Service to the
Customer, including the possible applicability of Australian sanctions;
● empirical indicators of ML/TF/PF risk identified by Square AUʼs CRR Program, including
activation-time identity, device, network-linkage and email authenticity signals (aCRR),
and ongoing behavioural, transactional and account-usage indicators (cCRR); and
● any matters prescribed by the AML/CTF Rules, to be kept under review on an ongoing
basis.62
These factors ensure that our assessment incorporates both KYC information and risk-relevant
behaviour that may indicate elevated ML/TF/PF exposure.
12.3 Our ML/TF Customer Risk Rating scale
Based on our assessment of the ML/TF Customer Risk, we will assign to a Customer a ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating of:
● low;
● medium; or
● high.
The ML/TF Customer Risk Rating will impact:
● how we carry out Customer Due Diligence; and
● when we are required to collect and/or verify additional KYC Information when carrying
out Customer Due Diligence.
13. Election to apply applicable Customer identification procedures
13.1 Undertaking applicable Customer identification procedures
Important note: AUSTRAC is currently working on a transitional provision for the delay of new Initial
Customer Due Diligence obligations until 31 March 2029.63 The ICDD transitional rules will apply to
existing Reporting Entities. During the transition period existing Reporting Entities may choose either
to:
● continue to use their existing Applicable Customer Identification Procedures ACIP when
onboarding a new Customer for a period of up to 3 years; or
● transition to the reformed ICDD obligations at any time from 31 March 2026 to 30 March
2029.
Square AU has opted to:
● continue to carry on ACIP; and
62 AML/CTF Act, s 28(4). There are no additional matters currently prescribed by the AML/CTF Rules.
63 See AUSTRAC’s media release at:
https://www.austrac.gov.au/reforms/amlctf-transitional-rules-update#Transitional%20period%20for%20initial%20Customer%20due%20
diligence%20(CDD), accessed 5 Feb 2026.
16

● apply ACIP to all Customers to whom the Square AU commences to provide a
Designated Service at or through a permanent establishment in Australia,
until the new ICDD procedures (set out in sections 14 to 20 are fully implemented by Square AU,
which must occur on or before 31 March 2029.
14. Square AUʼs “Future Stateˮ Initial Customer Due Diligence
Procedures
14.1 Undertaking Initial Customer Due Diligence
Square AUʼs “Future Stateˮ Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures (effective from 31 March
2029 or on the date Square AU fully implements the ICDD procedures, whichever occurs first)
Subject to modifications described in these AML/CTF Policies, we must not commence to provide a
Designated Service to a Customer until we have established on reasonable grounds the following
matters:64
● the identity of the Customer;
● the identity of any Associated Persons;
● the authority to act of any person acting on behalf of the Customer;
● whether the Customer or any Associated Person, is:
o a PEP; or
o a person designated for Targeted Financial Sanctions;
● the nature and purpose of the business relationship or occasional transaction; and
● any other matter relating to the Customer that is specified by the AML/CTF Rules from
time to time.65
In establishing these matters on reasonable grounds, we must demonstrate the following matters:
● if the Customer is an individual, that we have taken reasonable steps to establish that the
Customer is who they claim to be;
● that we have identified the ML/TF Customer Risk of the Customer based on KYC
Information reasonably available to us before commencing to provide the Designated
Service;
● that we have collected KYC Information about the Customer that is appropriate to the
ML/TF Customer Risk; and
● that we have verified such KYC Information using Reliable and Independent Data that is
appropriate to the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating. See section 20.66
We satisfy our obligation to establish the matters set out above about our Customers on reasonable
grounds, and demonstrate the matters in the points above, by carrying out the Initial Customer Due
Diligence Procedures.
14.2 Carrying out Initial Customer Due Diligence
As part of our Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedure:
● where triggered, we must undertake Enhanced Customer Due Diligence in accordance
with section 17;67 and
● we will modify how we ordinarily carry out the Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures
in certain circumstances described in section 15.
64 AML/CTF Act, s 28(1).
65 AML/CTF Act, s 28(2).
66 AML/CTF Act, s 28(3).
67 AML/CTF Act, s 32.
17

The Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures detail the KYC Information we will collect and verify
about a Customer. More detailed KYC Information may be collected and verified depending on KYC
Information collected about the Customer and the relevant circumstances. Instances where additional
KYC Information will be collected and verified when undertaking Initial Customer Due Diligence are
described in the Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures.
14.3 Additional KYC Information that we may collect and/or verify
The additional KYC Information we collect and/or verify will depend on:
● the circumstances we consider trigger our obligation to collect and/or verify additional
KYC Information; and
● if applicable, what additional KYC Information we consider to be appropriate to collect
and/or verify in those circumstances having regard to the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of
the Customer.
However, additional KYC Information we may consider as appropriate to collect and/or verify in those
circumstances may include (if we have not already collected it):
● formal confirmation of the Customerʼs purpose and intention in requesting the relevant
Designated Service including where appropriate the purpose of specific transactions, or
the expected nature and level of transactions to be undertaken by the Customer;
● if we have not already collected it, any other name the Customer is known by (other than
that already provided);
● the Customerʼs financial position and other information regarding the income or assets
available to the Customer;
● the Customerʼs source of funds, including where appropriate, confirmation of the origin
of funds;
● the beneficial ownership of the funds used by the Customer with respect to the
Designated Service;
● confirmation of the intended beneficiaries of the proposed transactions including, where
appropriate, the destination of funds; and
● where the Customer is not a natural person, further particulars relevant to the identity of
natural persons who exercise ultimate control over the affairs of the Customer.
15. Circumstances where we modify how we undertake Initial
Customer Due Diligence
15.1 Circumstances where we may delay the verification of KYC Information we
collect
We may provide a Designated Service prior to establishing on reasonable grounds all the matters
about our Customer in accordance with the applicable Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedure if:
● we have determined on reasonable grounds that commencing to provide the Designated
Service before we have carried out Initial Customer Due Diligence in relation to the
Customer is essential to avoid interrupting the ordinary course of business;
● we are able to carry out Initial Customer Due Diligence in relation to the Customer within
the time period specified in the table below after commencing to provide the Designated
Service:
● we have determined on reasonable grounds that any additional risk ML/TF/PF associated
with carrying out Initial Customer Due Diligence after we have commenced to provide the
Designated Service to be low;68 and
68 AML/CTF Act, s 29.
18

● we have complied with the following:69
Square AU generally undertakes identity verification at the point of onboarding and
does not ordinarily delay verification of Customer KYC Information. To mitigate risks
associated with delayed verification, we generally only allow it where Beneficial
Owner information is outstanding (not completed through automatic verification)
and where the conditions for delayed verification under AML/CTF Laws are strictly
satisfied; and
● the provision of the Designated Service occurs in one of the circumstances specified in
the table below:
Circumstance70 Requirements Time period for
carrying out Initial
Customer Due
Diligence
Designated Services Where we are providing a Designated Service As soon as reasonably
provided in Australia71 at or through a permanent establishment of practicable, and no
ours in Australia, we may delay verification of more than 20 business
the KYC Information we have collected days, after commencing
provided that: to provide the
● if the Customer is an individual, Designated Service.
we have taken reasonable steps
to establish the Customer is who
they claim to be;
● we have assigned the Customer
an ML/TF Customer Risk Rating
based on the KYC Information
that is reasonably available to us;
● we have collected KYC
Information about the Customer
in accordance with the applicable
Initial Customer Due Diligence
Procedure that is appropriate to
the ML/TF Risk Customer Rating,
other than source of wealth or
source of funds, to the extent
otherwise required;
● we have established the identity
of the Customer on reasonable
grounds in accordance with the
applicable Initial Customer Due
Diligence Procedure;
● we have established the identity
and the authority to act of any
person acting on the Customerʼs
behalf in accordance with the
69 AML/TF Act, s 29(e).
70 This does not include all circumstances prescribed. We have only included those circumstances that may be relevant to the Reporting
Entity’s designated services.
71 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-12.
19

Circumstance70 Requirements Time period for
carrying out Initial
Customer Due
Diligence
applicable Customer Due
Diligence Procedure; and
● we will not:72
o transfer, or allow or
facilitate the transfer of,
money, property or
virtual assets for or on
behalf of the Customer;
or
o otherwise make money,
property or virtual
assets available to the
Customer (other than
the holding of the
money, property or
virtual assets in the
account or otherwise on
deposit from the
Customer),
before satisfying our obligation to
undertake Initial Customer Due Diligence
in respect of the Customer.
In the capacity of Where we provide an item 1 Designated As soon as reasonably
account provider, Service (see Schedule 2, or another practicable after
opening an account in Designated Service reasonably incidental to commencing to provide
certain the provision of an item 1 Designated Service, the Designated Service.
circumstances73 we may delay verification of the KYC
Information we collect provided that:
● the Designated Service is
provided at or through a
permanent establishment of ours
in Australia; and
● we will not:74
o transfer, or allow or
facilitate the transfer of,
money, property or
virtual asset for or on
behalf of the Customer;
or
o otherwise make money,
property or virtual
72 For the avoidance of doubt, we will not allow any of those activities unless we have established on reasonable grounds all the relevant
matters set out in the applicable Customer Due Diligence Procedure.
73 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-13.
74 For the avoidance of doubt, we will not allow any of those activities unless we have established on reasonable grounds all the relevant
matters set out in the applicable Customer Due Diligence Procedure.
20

Circumstance70 Requirements Time period for
carrying out Initial
Customer Due
Diligence
assets available to the
Customer (other than
holding the money,
property or virtual
assets in an account or
otherwise on deposit
from the Customer),
before satisfying our obligation to
undertake Initial Customer Due Diligence
in respect of the Customer.
15.2 Circumstances where we will be deemed to have carried out Initial Customer
Due Diligence (previous carrying out of applicable Customer identification
procedure)
We will be taken to have established on reasonable grounds each of the matters set out in the
Customer Due Diligence Procedure about a Customer if:
● we had, before 31 March 2026, carried out the applicable Customer identification
procedure within the meaning of the AML/CTF Act in force immediately before that date
in respect of the Customer or in respect of the trustee of the Customer;75 or
● we:
o are proposing to provide a Designated Service to our Customer at or through a
permanent establishment of us in a foreign country; and
o had, before 31 March 2026, complied with the laws of that foreign country
giving effect to the FATF Recommendations relating to Customer Due Diligence
and record-keeping in relation to that Customer.76
16. Simplified Customer Due Diligence
Square AU currently applies a single Initial Customer Due Diligence onboarding process for
Customers assessed as having a low or medium ML/T Customer Risk Rating. Simplified Customer Due
Diligence is not implemented as a separate operational process at this time. Enhanced Customer Due
Diligence is applied where a Customer is assessed as having a high ML/TF Customer Risk Rating.
17. Enhanced Customer Due Diligence when undertaking Initial
Customer Due Diligence
Where Enhanced Customer Due Diligence applies as part of Initial Customer Due Diligence, we will
apply the Enhanced Customer Due Diligence processes as described in section 22.
75 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-42.
76 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-43.
21

18. Politically Exposed Persons
18.1 Approach to determining Politically Exposed Persons
We establish on reasonable grounds whether a Customer or an Associated Person is a PEP by
following the applicable Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedure prior to the provision of the
Designated Services to our Customers.
Any potential matches are reviewed to determine whether the match for the Customer or Associated
Person is confirmed. This may include conducting further checks where appropriate. Possible
additional checks include confirming that the date of birth or country of the person matches with that
of the potentially matched PEP.
18.2 Approach to Politically Exposed Persons
If during Initial Customer Due Diligence we establish on reasonable grounds that:
● a Customer, a Beneficial Owner or any person on whose behalf the Customer is receiving
the Designated Service is a Foreign Politically Exposed Person:
o the Customer will be assigned a ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of high;
o Enhanced Customer Due Diligence must be applied to the Customer
relationship; and
o the approval of the Senior Manager must be obtained in accordance with
section 6.3 prior to the provision of the Designated Service;
● a person acting on behalf of the Customer is a Foreign PEP
o Enhanced Customer Due Diligence must be applied to the Customer
relationship; and
o the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating will be considered having regard to the status
of the person acting on behalf of the Customer; and
● a Customer, a Beneficial Owner or any person on whose behalf the Customer is receiving
the Designated Service is a Domestic PEP or International Organisation PEP
o the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating will be considered having regard to the status
of the person; and
o the approval of the Senior Manager must be obtained in accordance with
section 6.3 prior to the provision of the Designated Service if the ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating is high;
● a person acting on behalf of the Customer is a Domestic PEP or International
Organisation PEP the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating will be considered having regard to
the status of the person acting on behalf of the Customer;
18.3 Initial Customer Due Diligence and Politically Exposed Persons
We are also required to establish certain additional matters on reasonable grounds in relation to a
Customer during Initial Customer Due Diligence in connection with Politically Exposed Persons.77
The circumstances triggering this obligation and the matters we must establish in those
circumstances is set out in the table below.
Circumstance triggering obligation Prescribed Matters
We have established on reasonable grounds that the We must establish the following matters
Customer, any Beneficial Owner of the Customer or any on reasonable grounds during Initial
person on whose behalf the Customer is receiving the Customer Due Diligence, as described
Designated Service is a Foreign PEP. in the Initial Customer Due Diligence
Procedure:
77 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-23.
22

Circumstance triggering obligation Prescribed Matters
● source of the PEPʼs wealth;
Note: We will treat a Foreign PEP as a Domestic PEP in
and
these circumstances if:
● source of the PEPʼs funds.
● we are to provide the Designated Service
to the Customer at or through a permanent
establishment of ours in a foreign country;
and
● the Foreign PEP has that status because of
their connection to the same foreign
country.78
We have:
● established on reasonable grounds that the
Customer, any Beneficial Owner of the
Customer or any person on whose behalf
the Customer is receiving the designated
service is a Domestic PEP; and
● assigned a ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of
high.
We have:
● established on reasonable grounds that the
Customer, any Beneficial Owner of the
Customer or any person on whose behalf
the Customer is receiving the Designated
Service is an International Organisation
PEP; and
● assigned a ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of
high.
19. Beneficial Owners
19.1 Approach to determining Beneficial Owners
We determine the Beneficial Owners of our Customers by following the applicable Initial Customer
Due Diligence Procedure.
A Beneficial Owner is an individual who ultimately owns or controls an entity. ‘Ownsʼ in this case
means owning 25% or more of the entity. This can be directly (such as through shareholdings) or
indirectly (such as through another companyʼs ownership or through a bank or broker). ‘Controlʼ in
this case means having the power to make decisions about the entityʼs finances and operations. They
may exert control through trusts, agreements, arrangements, understandings, policies or practices.
19.2 What we do when we cannot identify the Beneficial Owners of our Customer
Where we have taken all reasonable steps to establish the identity of the Beneficial Owners of our
Customers but have been unable to do so, we will be taken to have established on reasonable
grounds the identity of any Beneficial Owners of the Customer if:
● our Customer is a body corporate, partnership or unincorporated association;
78 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-23(3).
23

● we have recorded the steps we have taken and any difficulties encountered in attempting
to establish the identity of any beneficial owners of our Customer;
● we have collected information about the identity of the individual who is the executive
officer (or equivalent) of the Customer;
● we have assessed that there are no specific financial sanctions risks in relation to the
Customer; and
● we have verified, using reliable and independent data, such information as is appropriate
to the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating.79
The applicable Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedure sets out the KYC Information we collect and
verify in these circumstances.
19.3 What we do when we establish that there are no Beneficial Owners of a
Customer
Where we have established on reasonable grounds that our Customer does not have any Beneficial
Owners, we will establish certain additional matters on reasonable grounds when carrying out Initial
Customer Due Diligence.80
Circumstance Prescribed Matters
● We have established on ● We must establish the identity of the
reasonable grounds that the individual who is the chief executive
Customer does not have any officer (or equivalent) of the Customer.
Beneficial Owners; and ● The applicable Initial Customer Due
● Our Customer is a body Diligence Procedure sets out the KYC
corporate, partnership or Information we collect and verify in
unincorporated association. these circumstances.
20. Verifying KYC Information
20.1 How we verify KYC Information we collect
We ordinarily verify the KYC Information we collect using the Reliable and Independent Data.
The Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures describe the data we consider to be Reliable and
Independent Data to verify the KYC Information we collect. We have determined this data to be
Reliable and Independent Data having regard to:
● the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating;
● the accuracy and security of the data;
● how comprehensive the data is;
● the verifiability of the data;
● who is responsible for maintaining the data and the sources of the data;
● whether the data is able to be additionally authenticated.
The Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures allow the Square AU Analyst to determine source
information to be Reliable and Independent and used for verification in the circumstances. In making
this determination the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must have regard to the above factors.
79 AML/CTF Act, s 6-8(1).
80 AML/CTF Act, ss 6-8(2) – 6-8(3).
24

20.2 How we verify KYC Information when there is lack of satisfactory evidence of
identity
We may verify KYC Information collected about a Customer or an Associated Person, who is an
individual using data that is sources that are not described in the Initial Customer Due Diligence
Procedures (Alternative Measures) if that individual is unable to provide satisfactory evidence of
identity because:
● the individual is unable to obtain the information or evidence; or
● the Individual is unable to access the information or evidence due to circumstances
beyond their control.81
We may only use Alternative Measures to verify KYC Information collected about the individual if we
have:
● taken reasonable steps to establish that the individual is who they claim to be in
accordance with the Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedure; and
● if the individual is our Customer:
o identified the ML/TF Customer Risk, based on the KYC Information about the
Customer that is reasonably available to us prior to providing the Designated
Service;
o collected KYC Information about the Customer that is appropriate to the ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating;
o taken reasonable steps to verify the KYC Information collected about the
Customer using data reasonably available to us that is appropriate to the ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating of the Customer;82 and
● we have complied with section 19.3.83
20.3 Managing ML/TF/PF risk arising due because of lack of satisfactory evidence
of identity
We may verify KYC Information using Alternative Measures under section 20 in accordance with the
following:
● if the individual cannot provide satisfactory evidence of identity in accordance with the
Initial Customer Due Diligence Procedures, the matter will be referred to the Operations
Lead who will determine whether it is appropriate having regard to the ML/TF Risk arising
as a result of the lack of information or evidence to verify the KYC Information collected
about the Customer in accordance with section 20.1;
● we will not rely on data that is reasonably available to us if we know or have reason to
believe that data is misleading or incorrect; and
● we will only verify the KYC Information collected about the Customer or Associated
Person in accordance with section 20.2 in exceptional circumstances which may include,
but are not limited to:
o people who are Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander;
o people experiencing family and domestic violence;
o people experiencing periods of homelessness;
o people who have experienced recent periods of incarceration;
o people who are a refugees, asylum seekers or recent migrants to Australia
(including from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds);
o people who are transgender, intersex or gender diverse;
o people who did not have their birth registered;
81 AML/CTF Rules, rr 6-10(a) – 6-10(b).
82 AML/CTF Rules, rr 6-10(c) – 6-10(d)(i) – (iii).
83 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-10(e).
25

o young people who have not established a social footprint in the community; and
o people in less developed jurisdictions with limited access to formal evidence of
identity.
21. Overview of Ongoing Customer Due Diligence
We monitor our Customers in relation to the provision of our Designated Services to appropriately
identify, assess, manage and mitigate the risks of ML/TF/PF that we may reasonably face in providing
our Designated Services.84
We do this by following the systems and controls:
● we administer a Customer Monitoring Program in accordance with section 23 to monitor
for unusual transactions and behaviours of Customers that may give rise to a suspicious
matter reporting obligation;85
● we administer a ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Process in accordance with
section 24;86 and
● we administer a KYC Refresh Process in accordance with section 25.87
22. Enhanced Customer Due Diligence when undertaking Ongoing
Customer Due Diligence
22.1 When must we carry out Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
We must undertake Enhanced Customer Due Diligence in relation to a Customer if one or more of the
following circumstances apply to the Customer when we undertake Customer Due Diligence:
● where we assign a ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of high to a Customer;
● if:
o a suspicious matter reporting obligation arises for us in relation to the Customer;
and
o we propose to continue to provide a Designated Service to the Customer;
● the Customer or any Associated Person of a Customer, is a Foreign Politically Exposed
Person;
● the Customer has requested a provision of a Designated Service that:
o has no apparent economic or legal purpose;
o would involve unusually complex or large transactions; or
o would have an unusual pattern of transactions.88
22.2 Prohibition on providing Designated Services to anyone in sanctioned
jurisdictions
We will not commence to provide, or continue to provide any Designated Service to a person, a
Customer, or any Associated Person of the person or Customer, if we identify any of them to be:
● an individual who is physically present in a high risk jurisdiction for which FATF has
called for enhanced due diligence to be applied or a jurisdiction that is the subject of
Australian sanctions; or
84 AML/CTF Rules, ss 30(1).
85 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(a).
86 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(b)
87 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(c).
88 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-20.
26

● a body corporate or legal arrangement that was formed in a high risk jurisdiction for
which FATF as called for enhanced due diligence to be applied or a jurisdiction that is the
subject of Australian sanctions,89
The person, Customer or Associated Person of the person or Customer will not be subject to
Enhanced Customer Due Diligence.
22.3 Enhanced Customer Due Diligence requiring source of wealth or source of
funds information
When Enhanced Customer Due Diligence is triggered as part of Ongoing Customer Due Diligence we
will ensure that we hold the following KYC Information if the circumstances triggering ECDD require it.
Circumstance triggering ECDD Information we must hold
A ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of high is assigned to If the matter is relevant to the nature of
the Customer. the ML/TF/PF risk of the Customer, we
must hold information about the
A suspicious matter reporting obligation arises for us in
following matters:
relation to the Customer in accordance with section 35
● source of the Customerʼs
of these Policies and we propose to continue to provide
wealth; and
a Designated Service to the Customer.
● source of the Customerʼs
funds.
We will also consider whether any additional KYC Information should be obtained in respect of any
particular Customer, having regard to the considerations described in section 22.4.
22.4 Measures we may take as part of Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
When Enhanced Customer Due Diligence is triggered, we will undertake measures appropriate to the
particular Customer that is being considered having regard to the context of the Customer, the
transaction and the Designated Service to be provided, the Customer Type and the nature of the
ML/TF Customer Risk.
Measures we undertake may include (without limitation):
● seeking information from the Customer or from third party sources in order to undertake
one or more of the following:
o clarify or update KYC Information already collected from the Customer;
o clarify or update Associated Person information already collected;
o extend ownership reviews where risk indicators or red flags are identified. In
such cases, additional due diligence will be undertaken on the Customerʼs
ownership and control structure, having regard to financial sanctions and
financial crime risks
o clarify the nature of the Customerʼs ongoing business with us;
● undertake more detailed analysis of the Customerʼs KYC Information including, where
appropriate, taking reasonable measures to identify:
o the source of the Customerʼs wealth; and/or
o the source of the Customerʼs funds;
● verify or re-verify KYC Information in accordance with the applicable Customer Due
Diligence procedures. Where Enhanced Due Diligence Procedures are undertaken as
part of Ongoing Customer Due Diligence, we will consider what KYC Information is
89 AML/CTF Act, s 32.
27

relevant to the circumstances in determining what KYC Information will be verified or
re-verified;
● undertake more detailed analysis and monitoring of the Customerʼs transactions – both
past and future, including, but not limited to:
o the purpose, reasons for, or nature of specific transactions; or
o the expected nature and level of transaction behaviour, including future
transactions;
● seek AML/CTF Compliance Officer or Senior Manager approval for:
o continuing the business relationship with a Customer; and
o whether a Designated Service should continue to be provided to the Customer;
and
● consider whether a transaction or particular transactions should be processed.
23. Customer Monitoring Program
23.1 Monitoring Customers
We monitor our Customers in relation to the provision of our Designated Services to identify, assess,
manage and mitigate the risks of ML/TF/ PF that we may reasonably face in providing the Designated
Services.90
In order to monitor our Customers, we will:
● monitor for ‘unusual transactions and behavioursʼ of Customers that may give rise to a
suspicious matter reporting obligation, as described in sections 23.2 - 23.4;
● review and, where appropriate, update our identification and assessment of the ML/TF
Customer Risk in accordance with the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Process as
described in section 24;
● review and, where appropriate, update and reverify KYC information relating to the
Customer at a frequency appropriate to the ML/TF Customer Risk, in accordance with
the KYC Refresh Process described in section 25;91 and
● regularly screen Customers and Associated Persons against updated lists of entities and
persons subject to Targeted Financial Sanctions in accordance with the sanction
screening procedures as described in section 26.2.
23.2 Unusual transactions and behaviours
As part of monitoring our Customers on an ongoing basis, we will monitor for activity or behaviour
that may give rise to a suspicious matter reporting obligation or other abnormal or atypical activity.
We have adopted transaction monitoring procedures as described in section 23.4 for this purpose.
This may include activity or behaviour that may be suggestive of any of the following:
● circumstances that indicate the Customer may not be who they initially had claimed to
be;
● circumstances that indicate the Customer may be seeking the delivery of Designated
Services:
o in connection with the commission of a ML, PF or TF offence; or
o in connection with the commission of any other offence against any laws of the
Commonwealth, States or Territories of Australia;
‘Unusual transactions and behavioursʼ of a Customer include:
● unusually large or complex transactions relating to the Customer;
90 AML/CTF Act, s 30(1).
91 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2). Also AML/CTF Rules, rr 6-21 and 6-22.
28

● transactions and behaviours that are part of an unusual pattern of transactions and
behaviours relating to the Customer;
● transactions and behaviours that that may involve any payment or asset being made
available to a third party other than the Customer or to a country that is the subject of
Australian sanctions;
● transactions and behaviours that have no apparent economic or lawful purpose; and
● transactions and behaviours that are inconsistent with what we reasonably knows about
any of the following:
o the Customer;
o the nature and purpose of the business relationship;
o the ML/TF Customer Risk;
o where relevant, the Customerʼs source of funds or source of wealth.92
23.3 Relevant factors to be considered
We will have regard to the following (without limitation to other factors that we may consider relevant
in the circumstances):
● complex or unusually large transactions;
● transactions that exceed our internal thresholds and triggers;
● changes in levels of trading or financial activity that are inconsistent with the size of past
activities;
● irregular or unusual patterns of account activity that are characteristic of money
laundering or terrorism financing or otherwise have no apparent economic or visible
purpose; and
● unusual patterns of repayment behaviour or transactions (or both).
Following review of information in these reports, escalate the matter to Square AUʼs ECDD team or
SMR team for further review and investigation.
23.4 Monitoring procedures
Customers that are subject to Customer Monitoring may:
● be required to provide additional KYC information;
● be subject to Enhanced Customer Due Diligence;
● result in a suspicious matter report being filed; and/or
● be subject to termination of the Customerʼs relationship.
23.5 Ongoing Customer Due Diligence and PEP
If, as part of undertaking Ongoing Customer Due Diligence we identify certain matters in connection
with PEPs, we will take the steps as described in the table below.93 94
Circumstance triggering obligation What we must do
The Customer, Beneficial Owner or person on We must review, and where appropriate, update
whose behalf the Customer is receiving the and reverify KYC Information relating to the
Designated Service, becomes a Foreign PEP. Customer.
Note: We will treat a Foreign PEP as a Domestic
PEP in these circumstances if:
● we are to provide the Designated
Service to the Customer at or
92 AML/CTF Act, s 30(5).
93 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-24.
94 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(c).
29

Circumstance triggering obligation What we must do
through a permanent
establishment of ours in a foreign
country; and
● the Foreign PEP has that status
because of their connection to the
same foreign country.95
We have:
● established on reasonable grounds
that the Customer, or Associated
Person has become a Domestic
PEP; and
● we have assigned a ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating of high to
the Customer.
We have:
● established on reasonable grounds
that the Customer, or Associated
Person has become an
International Organisation PEP; and
● we have assigned a ML/TF
Customer Risk Rating of high to
the Customer.
24. ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Process
24.1 When will we administer the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh
If we have an ongoing business relationship with a Customer, we will review and, where appropriate,
update the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer where:96
(a) there is a significant change to one or more of the following matters in relation to the
Customer:
o our ML/TF Risk Assessment;
o the Customer Type;
o the kinds of Designated Service provided, or proposed to be provided, by us to
the Customer;
o the delivery channels by which we will provide the Designated Service to the
Customer;
o the countries with which we deal, or will deal, in providing the Designated
Service to the Customer, including the possible applicability of Australian
sanctions;
o any matters prescribed by the AML/CTF Rules;97
(b) the empirical and behavioural indicators generated through Square AUʼs Activation
Customer Risk Rating (aCRR) and Continuous Customer Risk Rating (cCRR) models
indicate a change is appropriate; or
95 AML/CTF Rules, r 6-24(2).
96 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(b).
97 AML/CTF Act, s 28(4). There are no additional matters currently prescribed by the AML/CTF Rules.
30

(c) we have identified unusual transactions and behaviours in relation to the Customer that
may give rise to a Suspicious Matter Reporting Obligation in accordance with our
Customer Monitoring Program.
24.2 Process for reviewing and updating the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of a
Customer
The ML/TF Customer Risk Rating review will involve reviewing the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the
Customer and whether it remains appropriate and accurate having regard to:
● the significant change that has occurred that triggered our obligation to administer the
ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Process as described in 24.1(a);98
● the indicators generated by aCRR and cCRR; and
● the unusual transactions and behaviours in relation to the Customer that triggered our
obligation to administer the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Process as described in
24.1 (c).
If following that review we consider that the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating of the Customer is no longer
appropriate, we will update the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating accordingly. We may increase or
decrease the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating following a review under this section.
24.3 Collection and verification of additional KYC Information where we update
the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating
Where the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating is updated (e.g., from low or medium to high), we will review
and, where appropriate, update and reverify KYC information relating to the Customer having regard
to the applicable Customer Due Diligence Procedure in accordance with the Customerʼs updated
ML/TF Customer Risk Rating.
This may require us to collect and verify additional KYC Information about or in relation to the
Customer. Having regard to the significance of the changes or the nature of the unusual transactions
that triggered our obligation to administer the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Refresh Process, we may
also elect to re-verify information we have already collected about the Customer.
25. KYC Refresh Process
25.1 Overview of KYC Refresh Process
We will review, and where appropriate, update and reverify KYC Information relating to a Customer: 99
● on a periodic basis appropriate to the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating, as described in
section 25.2; and
● on the basis of triggers, as described in section 25.3.
25.2 When will we administer the KYC Refresh Process
If we have an ongoing business relationship a Customer, we will review and, where appropriate,
update and reverify KYC Information relating to the Customer at the following intervals:
Customer ML/TF Customer Risk Rating Interval
High Every two years
Medium Nil
Low Nil
98 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2).
99 AML/CTF Act, s 30(2)(c).
31

25.3 Trigger based KYC Refresh Process
If we have an ongoing business relationship a Customer, we will review and, where appropriate,
update and reverify KYC Information relating to the Customer:
● if we have doubts about the adequacy or veracity of the KYC Information relating to the
Customer; and
● if our obligation to administer our KYC Refresh Process is triggered in connection with a
Politically Exposed Person (see section 23.5;100
● material profile changes (e.g., legal name, address, ownership/control, etc.);
● regulatory/Rule changes impacting KYC requirements; and
● unusual activity or risk re-rating.
25.4 Process for administering KYC Refresh Process
The KYC Refresh Process will involve reviewing KYC Information we have collected and verified in
relation to a Customer for consistency, accuracy and discrepancies. We will follow the process in
section 25.5 if we identify a potential material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy during this
review.
25.5 Collection and verification of additional KYC Information where we identify
potential material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy
Where the KYC Information is determined to require updating because a potential material
inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy has been identified, we will collect additional KYC
Information in relation to a Customer that is required to address the potential material inconsistency,
inaccuracy or material discrepancy.
We will verify the additional KYC Information collected for the purposes of addressing the potential
material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy on the following basis:
● if we administer the KYC Refresh Process because we have reasonable doubts about the
adequacy or veracity of the KYC Information relation to the Customer, we will verify the
KYC Information required for us to be reasonably satisfied that we have addressed the
potential inconsistency, inaccuracy or material discrepancy identified;
● if we administer the KYC Refresh Process because our obligation to administer our KYC
Refresh Process is triggered in connection with a Politically Exposed Person, we will
verify the KYC Information required for us to be reasonably satisfied that we have
addressed the potential inconsistency, inaccuracy or material discrepancy identified;
● where the Customer has advised us of the change to the Customerʼs profile or we are
administering the KYC Refresh Process because a trigger in relation to the Customer has
occurred, we will not verify the information collected unless the ML/TF Customer Risk
Rating of the Customer is high; and
● if we administer the KYC Refresh Process because of a periodic review of a Customer,
we will verify the information collected according to Square AU's ECDD program.
In accordance with our approach to verification in paragraphs (a) and (d) above, we may also elect to
re-verify information we have already collected about the Customer.
We have determined that a material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy would include, for
example, where a Customer has provided an ABN with multiple digits that do not match. A material
inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy would not arise due to, for example, abbreviations (i.e.,
“streetˮ and “Stˮ).
100 AML/CTF Act, ss 30(2)(c)(i) – 30(2)(c)(ii); AML/CTF Rules, r 6-24.
32

25.6 What we do when we are unable to address an identified material
inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy
If we are still unable to address the potential material inconsistency, inaccuracy or discrepancy, the
Customer will be referred to our ECDD team for further assessment. The ECDD team will determine
what additional KYC Information will be collected and/or verified to continue the Customer
relationship.
If we are still unable to establish that the Customer is who they claim to be, the ECDD team may
determine to terminate the business relationship with the Customer and prohibit the further provision
of Designated Services to the Customer. The ECDD team may also refer the Customer to the SMR
team for further assessment.
33

Part E
Financial sanctions
26. Financial sanctions
26.1 Our obligations in connection with financial sanctions
When providing Designated Services, we must ensure that we do not:
● make any assets available to, or available for the benefit of a person designated for
Targeted Financial Sanctions, in contravention of the Autonomous Sanctions Act 2011 or
the Charter of the United Nations Act 1945; and
● use or deal with or allow or facilitate the use of or dealing with, any assets owned or
controlled (directly or indirectly) by a person designated for Targeted Financial
Sanctions, in contravention of the Autonomous Sanctions Act 2011 or the Charter of the
United Nations Act 1945.101
26.2 Approach to financial sanctions
We implement the following procedures to ensure that we do not take any action that would result in
us breaching our obligations in connection with Targeted Financial Sanctions in providing Designated
Services:
Square AU must align its sanctions controls with DAFT / UN requirements and Blockʼs Global
Sanctions Compliance Policy.
A Beneficial Owner is an individual who ultimately owns or controls an entity. ‘Ownsʼ in this case
means owning 25% or more of the entity. This can be directly (such as through shareholdings) or
indirectly (such as through another companyʼs ownership or through a bank or broker). ‘Controlʼ in
this case means having the power to make decisions about the entityʼs finances and operations. They
may exert control through trusts, agreements, arrangements, understandings, policies or practices.
Risk assessment
● Our procedures are informed by our ML/TF Risk Assessment, as set out in section 8 and
9. Any changes to the ML/TF Risk Assessment will consider whether any updates are
needed to our procedures for managing financial sanctions.
● Our procedures in relation to any outsourced or third-party providers will consider
financial sanctions risks in accordance with section 36.
Due Diligence, screening and monitoring
● (In relation to Customers and any Associated Persons) we conduct sanctions screening
against all of our Customers and any Associated Person of a Customer in accordance
with the applicable Customer Due Diligence procedure.
Governance and oversight over screening results
● We maintain a process flow to govern how any possible matches in sanctions screening
are to be addressed, including how to resolve any ‘false positivesʼ or otherwise
determine whether to freeze any asset that is owned or controlled by a designated
person and to notify the Australian Sanctions Office and Australian Federal Police. Any
101 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(e); AML/CTF Rules r 5 – 3.
34

updates to the process flow will be approved by the Senior Manager and/or AML/CTF
Compliance Officer, with notification to the Governing Body (i.e. the board)/senior
management as appropriate.
Monitoring
● Sanctions screening forms part of our Ongoing Customer Due Diligence by conducting
ongoing screening of Customers, Beneficial Owners and relevant counterparties against
applicable sanctions lists, supported by transaction screening and geoblocking controls
in accordance with Square AUʼs AML/CTF Policies and the Block Global Sanctions
Compliance Policy.
Record keeping
● Records are kept in accordance with section 39.1, including in relation to sanctions
screening.
Training
● Training of Personnel addresses financial sanctions risks in accordance with section 29.
35

Part F
Personnel and service providers
27. Personnel due diligence
27.1 Overview of undertaking Personnel due diligence for new Square Personnel
As part of Blockʼs global approach to hiring, all employment and engagement offers are contingent
upon satisfactory due diligence checks, using a risk‑based approach.
Square AUʼs Employee and Personnel Due Diligence Program EDDP outlines the risk‑based
approach, systems, and controls used by Square AU to screen prospective and existing Square
Personnel based on the roles they perform. In general, roles with increased levels of risk associated
with them are subject to more stringent screening requirements. This detailed approach is
documented in the Square AUʼs Employee and Personnel Due Diligence Program, which has been
approved by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer and/or Chief Compliance Officer of Square AU.
27.2 Square Personnel Subject to Due Diligence
The following individuals are subject to Square Personnel due diligence:
● Square Personnel, who carry out functions connected with the Designated Services
Square AU provides as defined in the AML/CTF Act;
● All members of the Governing Body (i.e. board); and
● When a contractor converts to a Square AU permanent role, Square AU conducts its own
due diligence in line with the EDDP.
Square Personnel are required to adhere to all applicable internal controls, policies, procedures, and
systems relevant to their role, including those established under the AML/CTF framework.
Compliance with these requirements forms part of each employeeʼs ongoing employment obligations.
27.3 Managing Square Personnel Who Fail to Meet Appropriate Standards
Where a Square Personnel fails to meet these standards without a reasonable explanation, Square AU
may take proportionate and lawful management action having regard to the nature, frequency, and
seriousness of the conduct. Such actions may include, but are not limited to:
● the provision of corrective feedback or coaching;
● the requirement to complete additional or targeted training;
● the issuing of formal warnings;
● the implementation of a performance management process; and
● termination of employment or engagement where warranted.
All management actions will be applied in accordance with applicable employment laws, internal
governance frameworks, and procedural fairness principles.
27.4 Service Provider Personnel due diligence
Before engaging any Outsourced Service Provider that supports Square AU in the delivery of
Designated Services, Square AU undertakes a risk-based due diligence assessment to determine the
suitability and reliability of the provider (see Compliance Vendors - Square AU. This due diligence is
conducted in accordance with Square AUʼs TPRM Policy and is proportionate to the nature of the
services being provided. This assessment may include, without limitation:
● obtaining and reviewing corporate, ownership, and operational information relating to the
Outsourced Service Provider;
36

● conducting electronic and independent verification of the Outsourced Service Providerʼs
business details; and
● assessing the Outsourced Service Providerʼs regulatory status and its ability to meet
applicable legal and compliance obligations relevant to the services performed.
The outcomes of this due diligence are considered as part of the onboarding and ongoing oversight
of the Outsourced Service Provider.
Square Personnel due diligence framework does not extend to Service Provider Personnel, on the
basis that the Outsourced Service Provider has conducted pre-engagement screening, including
background and integrity checks, in accordance with its contractual obligations to Square AU. Square
AU retains oversight through its contractual audit and assurance rights and may review the adequacy
of those screening processes at any time. Where deficiencies are identified, Square AU may require
corrective action, including enhanced controls or amendments to contractual arrangements.
28. Breaches by Personnel
28.1 Monitoring of compliance
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must monitor and immediately report to the Governing Body:
● any breaches or non-compliance with these AML/CTF Policies by any Square Personnel;
● any breaches or non-compliance with the obligations by Outsourcing Service Providers
or the associated Service Provider Personnel in connection with these AML/CTF Policies
and the agreement between the parties.
28.2 Consequences of non-compliance for Square Personnel
Breaches or suspected breaches of these AML/CTF Policies by Square AU Personnel are managed in
accordance with Square AU Breach Reporting Policy Clean Version Breach Reporting Policy | Square |
Square AU. Consequences may include remediation actions, training interventions, access
restrictions, contractual enforcement actions, or disciplinary outcomes, depending on the nature and
severity of the breach.
If any Square Personnel fails without reasonable excuse to comply with any system control or
procedure contained in these AML/CTF Policies, Square AU may take the one or more of the following
steps, depending on the scale and seriousness of the violation:
● we will deliver individual feedback to address the errors, mistakes, or areas of
improvement;
● the Square Personnel will be required to attend a relevant training program;
● we will issue formal verbal and/or written warnings;
● schedule performance improvement plan; and
● the Governing Body will consider whether any disciplinary action is appropriate having
regard to the breach or failure to comply and the Square Personnelʼs history of
compliance with these AML/CTF Policies.
28.3 Consequences of non-compliance for Service Provider Personnel
Where an Outsourcing Service Provider fails to meet its AML/CTF obligations or breaches these
AML/CTF Policies, the matter will be assessed and escalated in accordance with the Square AU
Breach Reporting Policy. Square AU will consider whether it is appropriate to continue the ongoing
engagement of that Outsourcing Service Provider and otherwise consider appropriate action to
respond to this non-compliance.
37

28.4 Record keeping
All breaches or non-compliance with these AML/CTF Policies must be recorded and periodically
reviewed in accordance with section 30.
29. Personnel training
29.1 Overview
Square AU maintains a standalone training framework that governs the delivery, tracking, and
oversight of employee training (see Square AU Training Program). AML/CTF-specific training is
delivered as part of that framework and is designed to ensure that Square Personnel understand:
● the ML/TF/PF risks relevant to Square AUʼs business;
● Square AUʼs obligations under AML/CTF Laws, including financial sanctions; and
● their role-specific responsibilities under these AML/CTF Policies.
29.2 Square Personnel Subject to Training and Frequency
Square AU ensures all Square Personnel involved in the provision or oversight of Designated
Services, and the Governing Body (i.e. the board) will be receiving AML/CTF risk awareness training.
The AML/CTF risk awareness training is provided to:
● any new Square AU employees involved in the provision of the Designated Services
within 30 days of their start dates;
● annual refresher to current Square Personnel;
● the board annually; and
● ad‑hoc updates upon material changes (e.g., law, products, risk, procedures).
29.3 Training of Square Personnel
We will provide training to Square Personnel in relation to:
● the ML/TF/PF risk that we may reasonably face in providing our Designated Services;
and
● the obligations imposed on us by the AML/CTF Laws, including our obligations in relation
to financial sanctions.102
We will each ensure that the Square Personnel directly involved in the provision of a Designated
Service receive appropriate AML/CTF training at least once a year. This may include a mixture of
delivery methods.
The extent and frequency of the training will vary according to the personʼs involvement in or
influence over the delivery of Designated Services.
Our Square Personnel training will be developed by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer and/or a global
team in the Block Business Group in order to provide Square Personnel appropriate training in relation
to identifying transactions or investors or borrowers which may be using our Designated Services to
launder money or finance terrorism or undertaking proliferation financing.
We will ensure that the training provided to a person:103
● is appropriate having regard to:
o the particular function performed by the person;
o the particular risks of ML/TF/PF that are relevant to the personʼs function; and
o the particular responsibilities of the person under these AML/CTF policies; and
● is readily understandable by the person.
102 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(e).
103 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-9(3).
38

29.4 Content of Square Personnel training
Having regard to the ML/TF/PF risk we face, the Square Personnel training we provide must (where
relevant) give Square Personnel training at appropriate intervals including for:
● for new Square Personnel upon induction;
● when an existing Square Personnelʼs ML/TF risk profile changes as a result of the taking
on a new role or new duty that may expose them to other ML/TF risks and AML/CTF
functions; and
● for all other Square Personnel at least annually.
Under the training program, Square Personnel need to be made aware of:
● our obligations as a Reporting Entity under the AML/CTF Laws including, but not limited
to, the requirement to report suspicious matters, threshold transactions and other
compliance matters, including our obligations to comply with financial sanctions;
● procedures and processes which must be carried out by the Square Personnel in
accordance with these AML/CTF Policies including, but not limited to the Initial Customer
Due Diligence Procedures and Ongoing Customer Due Diligence;
● the consequences of non-compliance with these AML/CTF Policies; and
● the type of ML/TF/PF risks that we face and the consequences of failing to address
these risks.
29.5 Tailoring Square Personnel Training
We acknowledge that Square Personnel have roles with different AML/CTF functions and varied
ML/TF/PF risk levels, we will tailor appropriate training for Square Personnel exposed to these
different risks.
Some roles may need technical training while others may only need general awareness. For example:
● all personnel in Customer-facing roles need an awareness of indicators of suspicious
activity and reporting procedures.
● Square Personnel responsible for undertaking enhanced Customer Due Diligence and
investigating suspicious matters need a deeper understanding of the ML/TF risks that
our business faces and procedures they must follow.
When tailoring AML/CTF training, we will have regard to our operation training policy.
29.6 Change to our ML/TF Risk Assessment
If our ML/TF Risk Assessment materially changes or new designated services or delivering methods
are implemented, updated training may be required to address this.
The training required will depend on the scope of a Square Personnelʼs role and the level of
responsibility they have been given which puts them on the front line of ML/TF/PF risk detection.
29.7 Training for high-risk Square Personnel
If the Square Personnelʼs role within Square AU is one which has been assigned a high risk according
to Employee and Personnel Due Diligence Program, then, in addition to the training outlined in
section 29.4 above, that Square Personnel must be given further training as appropriate.
Part of the training that we will provide to Square Personnel must include extra training to help Square
Personnel detect the likely occurrence of ML/TF/PF activity.
Under the training program, we will provide ongoing training at intervals in accordance with
section 29.4 and ensure Square Personnel are fulfilling their training obligations.
39

29.8 Updating the Square Personnel training program
Square AU must keep a training register which records all relevant training undertaken by Square
Personnel, the relevant date the training was undertaken and track when further training is due.
We will amend the training program where appropriate to ensure updated information relevant to that
training (including as determined via awareness of information provided through the AUSTRAC
website) is taken into account. AUSTRAC may, for example, provide updates on the type of
transactions requiring extra checks or monitoring if industry practice shows evidence of a higher risk
for certain transactions over other transactions.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer should also check the AUSTRAC website regularly for case
scenarios that have been provided which assist in explaining the requirements that we, as a Reporting
Entity, must follow in order to ensure that our risk awareness training program is compliant.
29.9 Breaches and non-compliance in connection with Square Personnel training
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will regularly check that Square Personnel are attending all required
training sessions. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must report to the Governing Body all instances
of non-compliance with our Square Personnel training and any failures by Square Personnel to
undertake training at appropriate times.
Those Square Personnel who fail to attend training sessions must attend the next available training
session. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be responsible for ensuring all Square Personnel
attend all required training.
Any ongoing failures of Square Personnel to undertake required training will be considered in
accordance with section 28.2.
29.10 Service Provider Personnel Training
Where the Outsourced Service Provider arrangement will involve Service Provider Personnel, we will
ensure AML/CTF training is delivered to all the Service Provider Personnel who perform, or will
perform AML/CTF functions for Square AU.
29.11 Maintaining training program database
Both Square AU and its Outsourced Services Providers will be required to maintain a database which
records all AML/CTF training and development undertaken by their Personnel, including:
● name of Personnel member;
● details of training undertaken;
● completion status; and
● date completed.
30. Breach escalation procedures
30.1 Breach reporting process
Breaches (or apparent breaches) of the AML/CTF Laws or these AML/CTF Policies must be reported
to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
30.2 Escalation of AML/CTF breaches
Where there has been a failure to comply with any system, control or procedure established in
accordance with these AML/CTF Policies that:
● has not been, or is incapable of being, fully remedied within a timeframe that is
reasonable having regard to the nature, severity, and impact of the breach; or
● the AML/CTF Compliance Officer otherwise considers to be significant,
40

the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must notify a Senior Manager and follow relevant breach reporting
procedures.
30.3 Addressing AML/CTF breaches
The Senior Manager(s) will work with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to consider the breach and
prepare a plan of action to address the breach (including, where relevant, the causes of the breach).
This may include one or more of the following:
● preparation of a targeted project plan to remedy the breach;
● creation of a timeline for further review of any relevant parts of these AML/CTF Policies;
● updates or amendments to these AML/CTF Policies or any applicable underlying policies
and procedures;
● alterations to particular products or services, or our business model; or
● any other actions that a Senior Manager or the Governing Body considers is appropriate.
If appropriate, a Senior Manager will approve a plan of action.
Where a Senior Manager and the AML/CTF Compliance Officer consider it is appropriate to do so, the
details of the breach and the plan of action may then be presented to the Governing Body by the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer. Where this occurs, the Governing Body will review the information
provided by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer and will take the action that the Governing Body
determines is necessary after considering the breach and any other matters that it considers to be
relevant.
30.4 Breaches register
Square AU will maintain a breach register which contains details of any breaches or failure to comply
with the procedures set out in this AML/CTF Program. On an annual basis, the AML/CTF Compliance
Officer must review the breaches register and consider whether the breaches or non-compliance
which occurred during the relevant period indicate any systemic deficiencies in the AML/CTF
Program and recommend to the Governing Body how these deficiencies ought to be rectified. Square
AU will also provide periodic (at least quarterly) summary reporting of breaches and remediation
status to the Governing Body (or delegated committee) and incorporate root‑cause insights into
training, and program improvements. Records are retained in accordance with section 39 Record
keeping).
41

Part G
Registration and Travel Rule
31. Registration as a remittance provider
Square AU provides the Designated Services set out in Schedule 2 of these AML/CTF Policies. As
these Designated Services include a Beneficiary Institution Value Transfer Service, the service will
constitute a ‘registrable remittance serviceʼ under the AML/CTF Act.104
Square AU must not provide a registrable remittance service, unless it is registered as:
● a registered independent remittance provider; or
● a registered remittance affiliate of a registered remittance network provider,
before it provides the relevant service.105
Square AU will be registered as a registered independent remittance provider on the Remittance
Sector Register.
32. Application of the Travel Rule
As the provider of a:
● Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service in relation to refunds of merchant payments,
Square AU is subject to the Travel Rule as an Ordering Institution; and
● Beneficiary Institution Value Transfer Service in relation to merchant payments, Square
AU is subject to the Travel Rule as a Beneficiary Institution.106
33. Travel Rule for Ordering Instructions
When Square AU is acting as an Ordering Institution to provide an Ordering Institution Value Transfer
Service, it must comply with the Travel Rule as applicable to an Ordering Institution. For refunds of
Merchant Payments, this requires Square AU to pass on prescribed information.
Square AU may provide Ordering Institution Value Transfer Services relating to refunds of Merchant
Payments. Square AUʼs policies for meeting its Travel Rule obligations in providing an Ordering
Institution Value Transfer Service are described in this section 33 and further detailed in Schedule 4.
33.1 Accepting instruction from a payer
When Square AU provides an Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service, the service will commence
with Square AU accepting a transfer instruction from a Customer (payer). This instruction may be:
● verbal;
● written; or
● implicit under a standing arrangement.
The instruction may be provided directly or indirectly.
The instruction will describe who the value is being transferred to (payee).
104 AML/CTF Act, s 5.
105 AML/CTF Act, ss 74(1A) and (1B).
106 AML/CTF Act, ss 64 and 65.
42

33.2 Value Transfer is a refund of Merchant Payment
Square AU will provide an Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service relating only to refunds of
Merchant Payments. For refunds of Merchant Payments:
● we are not required to collect or verify any information.107 However, we may have
collected information on the payer as part of our Customer Due Diligence; and
● we are required to pass on the card number of the card (including a tokenised reference)
108 that the payer used in relation to the refund of Merchant Payment. 109
33.3 Timing to pass on information
If the Transfer Message for the Value Transfer does not give effect to the Value Transfer then, the
Transfer Message must be passed on before, or at the same time as, the Ordering Institution gives
effect to the Value Transfer.
33.4 Request to provide information
As an Ordering Institution, Square AU must pass on the information set out in section 33.2 to the next
institution in the Value Transfer Chain:
● as soon as practicable after receiving a request from the institution; and110
● in any case, within 3 business days after receiving sufficient information from the other
institution to process the request.111
If:
● the Value Transfer is a refund of Merchant Payment; and
● Square AU provides an item 29 Designated Services as an Ordering Institution at or
through a permanent establishment in Australia,
we must provide Square AUʼs full name and the permanent establishment at or through which we
provided the Designated Service to another institution in the Value Transfer Chain within 3 business
days after receiving a request from the institution for that information. 112
33.5 Exemption from the Travel Rule
Travel rule obligations under the AML/CTF Laws do not apply to transfers of money or property within
a single overseas country or within the European Economic Area if the:
● foreign country where the Value Transfer Designated Service is being provided has
implemented laws relating to the Travel Rule; and
● Value Transfer service complies with these foreign Travel Rule laws. 113
However, while the Travel Rule under the AML/CTF Laws do not apply, these services are still
Designated Services. We must still comply with other AML/CTF obligations that apply to Designated
Services through foreign branches and subsidiaries, such as Customer Due Diligence.
34. Travel rule for Beneficiary Institutions
34.1 Value Transfers undertaken by Square AU
Square AU will provide a Beneficiary Institution Value Transfer Service relating only to Merchant
Payments.
107 AML/CTF Act, ss 64(2)(a) and 64(2)(b); AML/CTF Rules, r 8-8(5).
108 AML/CTF Rules, r 1-4.
109 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3.
110 AML/CTF Act, s64(5).
111 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-17(2) and (3).
112 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-17(4) and (5).
113 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-7.
43

Square AUʼs policies for meeting its Travel Rule obligations in providing a Beneficiary Institution Value
Transfer Service are described in this section 34 and further detailed in Schedule 4.
34.2 Measures to monitor for receipt of information
As Square AU will only provide Value Transfer services relating to Merchant Payments, we will
monitor for receipt of the card number of the card (including tokenised card number) the payer used
in relation to the Merchant Payment or Merchant Payment that is refunded.114
We will take reasonable steps to monitor Transfer Messages for missing or inaccurate card
numbers.115 We do this by taking a risk-based approach. For example, we may conduct:
● post-event monitoring;
● real-time monitoring;
● sampling transfer messages and/or
● completing other assurance activities.
34.3 Inaccurate or missing information
We will take reasonable steps to monitor whether we have received the card number for the Value
Transfer, and whether the information is accurate.116
If we detect that a Transfer Message contains inaccurate card number, or is missing the card number,
we must adopt one or more of the following measures:
● refuse to make the transferred value available to the payee;
● request further information from another institution in the Value Transfer Chain;
● if possible, otherwise obtain the full and accurate card number; and
● take any other risk-based actions to reduce risk. 117
34.4 Request to provide information
If:
● the Value Transfer relates to a Merchant Payment; and
● Square AU provides a Beneficiary Institution Value Transfer Service at or through a
permanent establishment in Australia,
we must provide Square AUʼs full name and the permanent establishment at or through which we
provided the Designated Service to another institution in the Value Transfer Chain within 3 business
days after receiving a request from the institution for that information.118
114 AML/CTF Act, r 8-4.
115 AML/CTF Act, s 65(2).
116 AML/CTF Act, s 65(2); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-18(2)
117 AML/CTF Act, s 65(3); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-18(2).
118 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-18(4) and (5).
44

Part H
Reporting
35. Reporting obligations
35.1 Suspicious matter reports
Reporting requirement Reporting Timeframe
Suspicious Matter Reports
Section 41 of the AML/CTF Act requires a Reporting Entity to report various matters to AUSTRAC
when it forms a suspicion (Suspicion) on reasonable grounds about those matters.
By approving these AML/CTF Policies, the Governing Body and Senior Managers confirm and
approve the following protocol regarding authorisation to form a Suspicion on our behalf:
● Only the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or an Authorised Person may form a Suspicion
and/or file a SMR on behalf of us (because these individuals have the expertise and
have received relevant training required to perform this role).
Appropriate systems, controls and procedures have been designed to ensure we comply with our
obligations in relation to SMRs. These include:
● UARs: Personnel can submit a UAR in accordance with section 36.2 of these AML/CTF
Policies.
● Training: all Personnel receive appropriate training in accordance with section 29 of
these AML/CTF Policies, which includes training designed to ensure we do not warn or
‘tip offʼ Customers in relation to whom a Suspicion has arisen or a SMR has been
lodged, or tip off any other person in connection with that Suspicion, and training to
enable them to identify potential suspicious activity that may warrant a UAR; and
● Authorisation: only the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or an Authorised Person has
authority to form a Suspicion on reasonable grounds and submit SMRs to AUSTRAC.
These persons receive appropriate training to identify whether activity in a UAR may
give rise to a Suspicion and to complete SMRs in accordance with the AML/CTF Laws.
Requirement to submit SMRs If the Suspicion:
A SMR must be given to AUSTRAC if we form a Suspicion. We will form a 1. relates to a
Suspicion if: prescribed
● we commence to provide, or propose to provide, a Financing of
Designated Service to a person; Terrorism Offence
within 24 hours;122
● the person requests us to provide a Designated Service to
and
them and the Designated Service is of a kind we ordinarily
provide; or 2. if 1 does not apply
● the person inquires whether we would be willing to provide and the Reporting
a Designated Service and the Designated Service is of a Entity reasonably
kind we ordinarily provide,119 believes that some
● suspect on reasonable grounds that any of the following is (but not all) of the
satisfied: information may be
privileged from
119 AML/CTF Act, s 41(a) – (c).
122 AML/CTF Act, s 41(2)(b).
45

Reporting requirement Reporting Timeframe
being given on the
1. the person, or a person acting as their agent, is not who they claim
ground of legal
to be; or
professional
2. information that we have concerning the provision or prospective
privilege and the
provision of a Designated Service may be:
privilege belongs to
o relevant to the investigation of, or prosecution of a another person
person for, an evasion or attempted evasion of a other than the
taxation law or any law of a State or Territory that Reporting Entity
deals with taxation; then within 5
business days;123 or
o relevant to the investigation of, or prosecution of a
person for, an offence against a law of the 3. if 1 and 2 both do
Commonwealth or of a State or Territory; not apply then
o of assistance to enforcement of the Proceeds of within 3 business
Crime Act 2002 (Cth) or regulations under that days;124
Act; or
of forming the
o may be of assistance in the enforcement of a law
Suspicion.
of a State or Territory law that corresponds to the
Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 Cth or regulations
under that Act; or
3. that the provision, or prospective provision, of the Designated
Service is preparatory to an offence within limbs (a), (b) or (c) of a
Financing of Terrorism Offence,
4. that information that we have concerning the provision or
prospective provision of a Designated Service may be relevant to
the investigation of, or prosecution of a person for, an offence
within limbs (a), (b) or (c) of a Financing of Terrorism Offence,
5. that the provision, or prospective provision, of the Designated
Service is preparatory to an offence within limbs (a) or (b) of a
Money Laundering Offence,
6. that information that we have concerning the provision or
prospective provision of a Designated Service may be relevant to
the investigation of, or prosecution of a person for, an offence
within limbs (a) or (b) of a Money Laundering Offence.120
SMRs must be lodged even if the Designated Service does not
proceed.121
Process for forming Suspicions
We form a Suspicion and report to AUSTRAC using the following
process:
1. If a member of our staff identifies a transaction or behaviour that is:
o unusual; or
120 AML/CTF Act, s 49(1)(d) – (j).
121 AML/CTF Act, s 41(1).
123 AML/CTF Act, s 41(2)(aa).
124 AML/CTF Act, s 41(2)(a).
46

Reporting requirement Reporting Timeframe
o which gives rise to questions relevant to any
matters specified in paragraphs 1 to 6 under
section 35.1 above,
that Personnel must report what they have identified to the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer or an Authorised Person as a UAR
(see section 36.2 for further detail on how Personnel may lodge an
UAR.
There are three broad channels through which a member of staff
and/or Square AU Compliance Team may become aware of activity
requiring further investigation to determine if it warrants a SMR
submission. These channels include:
• Automated account monitoring that has been established to
identify potentially suspicious activity.
• Internal referrals from Block staff members (e.g., Compliance,
Risk, Capital Operations, Afterpay or Customer Success teams)
• External referrals from third parties (e.g., banking partners, other
financial institutions, law firms, law enforcement or government
agencies)
2. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer or Authorised Person must
assess the UAR and may on the basis of that assessment form a
Suspicion on reasonable grounds. The assessment will be
conducted within a time frame set internally by Square AU. An
internal tracking system is set up to ensure the time frame is strictly
followed.
As part of the assessment of the UAR, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
or an Authorised Person must commence undertaking one or more of
the following actions as required:
● investigate the issue in order to decide whether or not a
SMR obligation has been triggered within the meaning of
the AML/CTF Act and AML/CTF Rules;
● consider whether it is appropriate to make the Customer
subject to the Enhanced Customer Due Diligence; and
● keep a written record of any review and investigation
undertaken.
In undertaking this assessment, the AML/CTF Compliance must ensure
that the review and enquiries are:
● conducted in a prudent manner using common sense, tact
and discretion; and
● do not give rise to a ‘tipping offʼ offence (see section 37.1
for further details);
Immediately upon the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or an Authorised
Person determining that a SMR obligation has arisen, the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer or an Authorised Person must give a written report
to AUSTRAC regarding the matter in the relevant Reporting Timeframe.
47

Reporting requirement Reporting Timeframe
A Suspicious Matter report must be submitted in the form prescribed by
AUSTRAC from time to time (as accessible on AUSTRACʼs website).
Legal professional privilege
We may refuse to give AUSTRAC a SMR if we reasonably believe that all
of the information compromising the grounds on which we hold the
relevant Suspicion is privileged from being given on grounds of legal
professional privilege.
If we reasonably believe that some (but not all) of the information
required to be contained in the SMR is privileged from being given on
the ground of legal professional privileged, we will accompany the SMR
form with an LPP form in relation to the information.
35.2 Threshold Transaction Reports
Threshold Transaction Reports
Section 43 of the AML/CTF Act requires Reporting Entities that provide threshold transactions to
lodge a TTR with AUSTRAC within ten 10 business days of the transaction taking place. Threshold
transactions are transactions involving the movement of physical currency or to the value of
$10,000 or more (or the foreign currency equivalent). Note: this may constitute one or more related
transactions). They do not include transactions conducted by way of electronic bank transfer.
Any Personnel who handle a Threshold Transaction must notify the AML/CTF Compliance Officer of
that fact. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must:
● report all Threshold Transactions to the AUSTRAC CEO within ten Business Days after
the transaction takes place using the AUSTRAC prescribed form; and
● reporting to the Governing Body at the next scheduled board meeting that a Threshold
Transaction has occurred.
We must report all transactions involving the movement of physical Within ten 10 business
currency or to a value of $10,000 or more (or the foreign currency days of the transaction
equivalent). taking place.
However, as we do not accept or handle any physical currency, TTR
obligations do not apply to us.
35.3 Value Transfer Service reporting
International Value Transfer Services IVTSs
Section 46 of the AML/CTF Act requires Reporting Entities that provide IVTSs lodge an IVTS report
with AUSTRAC within ten 10 business days of the transfer message for the transfer of value being
passed on or received (as appropriate). Certain other reports must be made under section 46A in
connection with transfer of value involving virtual assets.
Square AU provides Designated Services that may involve IVTSs. We will assess and seek
compliance with the IVTS reporting obligations in accordance with the transitional rules to be
published by AUSTRAC.
48

35.4 AML compliance reports
AML Compliance Reports
Section 47 of the AML/CTF Act requires us to lodge annual compliance reports with AUSTRAC, in
an approved form and containing such information as is required, in accordance with the AML/CTF
Rules.
We are required to lodge annual compliance reports with AUSTRAC Annually.
each calendar year.
The lodgement period is
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will consult with the Senior between 1 January and
Managers, other management and other relevant Personnel to prepare 31 March or as
and submit the annual AUSTRAC compliance reports in the first quarter otherwise advised by
of each calendar year in respect of activities undertaken in the previous AUSTRAC.
calendar year and will lodge these with AUSTRAC as required. These
will be lodged via AUSTRACʼs electronic portal.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must provide confirmation to the
Governing Body that the AML/CTF compliance report has been
submitted to AUSTRAC, including a summary of its contents and any
matters relevant for noting as soon as possible after the report has been
lodged with AUSTRAC.
Square AUʼs AML/CTF compliance report must be lodged online at
https://online.austrac.gov.au.
35.5 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting responsibilities
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be responsible for:
● overseeing Personnel compliance with our reporting obligations under sections 35.1 and
35.2;
● overseeing training provided to Personnel in relation to our reporting obligations under
sections 35.1 and 35.2 that is arranged and delivered by our global team in the Block
Business Group;
36. Assessment of unusual matters
36.1 What is an assessment of potential suspicious matters
An Unusual Activity Report or UAR is a report used to summarise information about behaviour or
circumstances that are potentially suspicious and which therefore requires further investigation.
A UAR may be prepared in the form of an email to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or an Authorised
Person who is authorised to form Suspicions and file SMRs on our behalf. Notwithstanding this
section, a UAR does not need to take a specific verbal or written form, or be described in its title as an
UAR.
36.2 Who can submit a UAR?
A UAR may be submitted by any Personnel, staff member or executive who encounters unusual
behaviour or who receives information from a law enforcement agency or authority.
49

36.3 Assessing UAR
If relevant, we categorise and prioritise the UARs to ensure that the cases with potentially higher
levels of ML/TF/PF risk are considered before those with lower levels of ML/TF risk.
We will review UARs in the following order:
● any UARs that might relate toa Financing of Terrorism Offence (see section 35.1; and then
● all other UARs.
A UARs is assessed in the following manner:
● analysis of the transactions against the Customer profile to determine whether
transactions are complex, unusually large for that Customer, or display unusual patterns
of transactions, and in either case are transactions which have no apparent economic or
visible lawful purpose;
● where appropriate, allocation of a higher ML/TF/TF risk level to the Customer;
● collection of additional KYC Information as required; and
● application of the ECDD procedures set out in section 17.
36.4 Forming a Suspicion from a UAR
Each UAR will be assessed on a case-by-case basis to determine if the potentially suspicious activity
gives rise to a Suspicion on reasonable grounds in accordance with our process for reporting
suspicious matters set out in section 35.1.
36.5 Law enforcement and government agencies
Where we assess a UAR that is associated with an enquiry from law enforcement or other
government agencies or authorities about a particular Customer or transaction, we must also apply
the principles set out in section 35.1 to decide if the matter needs to be the subject of a SMR may be
submitted.
Law enforcement agencies or authorities can request information when a complaint is received from a
Customer, which may or may not be related to a fraud event. We may not be aware of the reasons
that a law enforcement agency or authority is requesting information.
36.6 Ongoing review of UAR process
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer is responsible for conducting ongoing review of the UAR process to
ensure:
● materials required by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or Authorised Persons to conduct
an assessment of the UAR are available on a timely basis; and
● UARs are being assessed and a determination is being made as soon as practicable as to
whether a SMR must be filed in accordance with section 32.1.
To the extent that these standards are not being satisfied, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will
identify improvements required to the process supporting section 35.1 and escalate this to the
Governing Body.
37. Preventing tipping off
37.1 Tipping off offence
Subject to certain limited exceptions, it is an offence under section 131 of the AML/CTF Act to disclose
Restricted Information to anyone outside of AUSTRAC, if the disclosure of the Restricted Information
would, or could reasonably be expected to, prejudice an investigation (whether or not such an
investigation has commenced):
50

● of an offence against a law of the Commonwealth or of a State or Territory;
● for the purposes of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 Cth or regulations under that Act;
or
● for the purposes of a law of a State or Territory law that corresponds to the Proceeds of
Crime Act 2002 Cth or regulations under that Act.
This is known as the “tipping offˮ offence. The tipping off offence may be committed by the following
persons (current or former):
● a Reporting Entity;
● an officer, employee or agent of a Reporting Entity;
● a person that has been required to give information or produce documents under
section 491 or section 49B1 of the AML/CTF Act.
37.2 Exceptions
The tipping off offence does not apply if the disclosure is made to another Reporting Entity and the
disclosure is made for the purpose of detecting, deterring or disrupting ML/TF/PF or other serious
crimes, subject to conditions which may be prescribed in the AML/CTF Rules being satisfied.125
Square AU will only rely on this exception with prior approval from Square AU Legal General Counsel)
and the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, and with a documented rationale and scope-limited disclosure.
37.3 Controls to manage tipping off risk
We have established safeguards to prevent the contravention of the tipping off offence by us or our
officers, employees or agents.
We implement the following protocols that reduce the risk of tipping off:
● only the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or Authorised Person may form a Suspicion or file
a SMR;
● information regarding SMRs is not readily accessible on the Customerʼs file and is only to
be provided to persons within our organisation, other than the AML/CTF Compliance
Officer and Authorised Persons, where it is determined that they need to know that
Restricted Information to fulfil the requirements of their role;
● no Restricted Information described above is to be provided to any third party unless the
Square AU Legal General Counsel) has first confirmed that it is permissible under one of
the exemptions under subsections 1234 to 6 of the AML/CTF Act;
● our Personnel must not do anything that would lead a Customer or anyone else (other
than AUSTRAC to believe that a Suspicion has been formed or that Restricted
Information has been communicated to AUSTRAC;126
● all Personnel receive training regarding tipping off as part of the AML/CTF training set
out in section 29;127
● when discussing trends and insights, disclose generally identified patterns of behaviour
rather than mentioning specific Customers or transactions;
● implement and review audit trails of who accesses Information and when;
● use a legally enforceable undertaking to ensure that Information is kept confidential by
employees and any third parties we engage;
● maintain good security practices such as secure electronic document storage, password
protection of documents, secure document destruction of physical copies;
● SMR/UAR content is restricted in case management systems to the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer, Authorised Persons, and Square AU Legal General Counsel).
125 AML/CTF Act, s 123(5).
126 In some circumstances, ECDD procedures may lead a Customer to suspect that they are being investigated. It is AUSTRAC’s view that the
mere act of asking a Customer for additional information about their identity or source or destination of their funds, for example, would not
constitute an unlawful disclosure of information under the tipping off provisions of the Act.
127 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-13.
51

Disclosures to Internal Audit or the Board/committee are aggregate or de‑identified
unless a named case is required for oversight, and then only with AML/CTF Compliance
Officer approval;
● Operational teams use generic language when contacting Customers (e.g., “additional
information requiredˮ or “account review in progressˮ) and must not reference SMRs,
Suspicions, or AUSTRAC.
● oversight reporting avoids sensitive operational details that could risk tipping off; where
necessary, details are confined to closed sessions with Legal present to preserve
privilege; and
● when sharing Restricted Information with third parties, we will also consider adopting the
following measures:
o only disclose Restricted Information to people that have a genuine need to
know;
o consider what legal obligations apply to third parties in foreign countries that we
are sharing Restricted Information with to ensure they are consistent with our
obligations under the AML/CTF Act;
o consider whether third parties we may share Restricted Information with have
adopted suitable controls to prevent tipping off, such as those outlined above
attach conditions to the further use of Restricted Information we provide to third
parties to prevent the Restricted Information getting back to the subject.
52

Part I
Outsourcing and record keeping
38. Record keeping
38.1 Retention of records
In accordance with Part 10 of the AML/CTF Act, we will keep a record, or a copy or extract of the
record of certain kinds of information. This includes (but is not limited to) information related to:
● records pertaining to our completion of Customer Due Diligence;
● the Designated Services we provide to a Customer including but not be limited to
transactional records such as application forms, Customer instructions and payment
receipts; and
● the AML/CTF Program and records reasonably necessary to demonstrate our
compliance obligations in connection with the establishment and maintenance of the
AML/CTF Program under Part 1A of the AML/CTF Act.
The table below sets out specific requirements that apply to certain kinds of information.
Type of information Requirement Duration of retention of record
Where we have commenced to Retain sufficient records.129 7 years after the record is
provide or provide a made.130
Designated Service to a
Customer, sufficient records to
allow the reconstruction of
individual transactions relating
to the provision of the
Designated Service to the
Customer.128
A document relating to the Retain the document (or a 7 years after the giving of the
provision (or prospective copy).132 document.133
provision) of a Designated
Service that is given to us by
or on behalf of the Customer
where we commence (or have
commenced) to provide the
Designated Service to the
Customer.131
Where we undertake Customer The records kept must include: Until the end of the 7 year
Due Diligence in relation to a ● ∙ sufficient and period that begins:
Customer to whom the accurate records ● when the business
Reporting Entity provides a which relationship ends;
Designated Service, or demonstrate the or
128 AML/CTF Act, s 107(1).
129 Ibid.
130 AML/CTF Act, s 107(3).
131 AML/CTF Act, s 108(1).
132 AML/CTF Act, s 108(2).
133 AML/CTF Act, s 108(2).
53

Type of information Requirement Duration of retention of record
proposed or proposes to type and content ● when Square AU
provide a Designated Service, of the data completes the
we must retain records that collected by provision of the
are: Square AU in occasional
● reasonably relation to the transaction.136
necessary to Customer for the
demonstrate purposes of
compliance with complying with
the Reporting Customer Due
Entityʼs obligations Diligence
under Part 2 of the requirements; and
AML/CTF Act; and ● records of our
● are in the English analysis,
language, or in a identification or
form in which the assessment of
records are readily ML/TF risk, or
accessible and decision making,
readily convertible undertaken by
into writing in the Square AU in
English relation to the
language.134 Customer for the
purposes of
complying with
Customer Due
Diligence
requirements.135
Where a person (the first Retain the copy of the Until the end of the first 7-year
person) carries out a record.138 period:
procedure mentioned in ● that began at a
section 37A1a or time after Part 2
section 38(b) and in had that effect;
connection with the initial and
procedure, Part 2 has effect as
● throughout the
if a Reporting Entity had
whole of which
complied with
the Reporting
paragraph 283c or (d) in
Entity did not
respect of a Customer, and the
provide any
first person makes a record of
Designated
the initial procedure and gives
Services to the
a copy of the record to the
Customer.139
Reporting Entity.137
134 AML/CTF Act, s 111(1).
135 AML/CTF Act, s 111(3).
136 AML/CTF Act, s 111(2).
137 AML/CTF Act, s 114(1)(a) – (c).
138 AML/CTF Act, s 114(1).
139 AML/CTF Act, s 114(1)(d) – (e).
54

Type of information Requirement Duration of retention of record
We must keep records that we Retain the record or a copy of 7 years after the completion of
prepare under the record.141 the preparation of the
paragraph 37B1c of the record.142
AML/CTF Act.140
We must keep records that are Retain records in the English The records must be kept
reasonably necessary to language or are in a form throughout the period:
demonstrate compliance with which the records are readily ● beginning at the
our obligations under Part 1A accessible and readily time the record
AML/CTF programs) of the convertible into writing in the was made; and
AML/CTF Act.143 English language.144
● ending 7 years
after the record is
no longer relevant
to the Reporting
Entityʼs
compliance with
its obligations
under Part 1A of
the AML/CTF Act.
39. Outsourcing and third-party technology providers
39.1 Engaging with Outsourced Services Providers
With the written approval of a Senior Manager, we may appoint a third-party service provider (i.e.
Outsourced Services Provider) to either:
● perform any of our obligations under these AML/CTF Policies; or
● to provide services for us to comply with parts of our AML/CTF obligations (e.g.,
technology service providers).
To the extent that Square AU appoints a service provider that is a related entity (i.e. is not a
third-party), this section 39 does not apply to that engagement. However, Square AU will implement
appropriate controls which may include measures set out in this section 39. Any such engagement
will be subject to the oversight of the Senior Managers.
39.2 Controls on engagement of Outsourced Services Providers
Where the Square AU outsources any activities that may affect the ML/TF/PF risk faced by us or any
of our AML/CTF obligations, we will:
● have an agreement in place with the Outsourced Services Provider;
● where relevant, require the Outsourced Services Provider to implement policies and
procedures similar to those outlined in these AML/CTF Policies;
● assess the ML/TF/PF risk associated with the outsourcing of the particular activity;
● assess the Australian financial sanction risk associated with the outsourcing of the
particular activity;
140 AML/CTF Act, s 114A(1).
141 Ibid.
142 Ibid.
143 AML/CTF Act, s 116(1)(a).
144 AML/CTF Act, s 116(1)(b).
55

● conduct due diligence on the activities outsourced to determine whether outsourcing
these activities and services will increase the ML/TF/PF risk faced by Square AU and
implement appropriate measures to address the increased risk;
● conduct due diligence on the Outsourced Services Provider to ensure that outsourcing
activities to these parties is not increasing the ML/TF/PF risk faced by Square AU;
● where appropriate, ensure the Outsourced Services Provider understand:
o the obligations of Square AU under the AML/CTF Laws;
o the consequences of non-compliance with the AML/CTF Laws;
o take into account the consequences of non-compliance with the AML/CTF
Laws;
o the type of ML/TF/PF risk that Square AU might face and the potential
consequences of such risk; and
● those processes and procedures provided for by these AML/CTF Policies that are
relevant to the work carried out by the party to whom activities are outsourced.
39.3 Ongoing review and assessment of Outsourced Services Providers
The Senior Manager / AML/CTF Compliance Officer must:
● review the ML/TF/PF risks posed by the outsourcing arrangement and the controls
regularly and in response to changes in ML/TF/PF risk;
● monitor the performance of the outsourced activities against the key performance
targets, taking into account the quality assurance testing at appropriate intervals;
● ensure that any agreement under which a third party is authorised to collect or verify
KYC information for AML/CTF Laws must ensure the adequacy of collection, verification
and record retention obligations, and that AML/CTF Laws and enforcement agencies
have reasonable access to any such KYC information; and
● facilitate the oversight of a Senior Manager/the AML/CTF Compliance Officer over the
outsourced activities in accordance with section.
Except where the AML/CTF Laws expressly provides otherwise, liability for non-compliance remains
with us.
We will liaise with Outsourced Service Providers to ensure their obligations are met through
adherence to contractual requirements, policies, procedures and business rules. This may include
providing access to documentation held by Outsourced Service Providers, requiring regular reports in
respect of AML/CTF matters and allowing access to Service Provider Personnel by us and our
auditors.
We will notify the Outsourced Service Provider of any relevant notice or feedback issued by
AUSTRAC or other regulatory bodies relevant to the performance of the functions of the Outsourced
Service Provider. We will oversee the response to the notice and implementation of any changes or
recommendations to ensure our ongoing compliance with AML/CTF obligations (including a
mechanism to incorporate any AUSTRAC feedback on performance in managing our ML/TF/PF risk).
56

Part J
Definitions
Term Meaning
ACN Australian Company Number.
Applicable Customer means:
Identification ● the applicable Customer identification procedures; and
Procedures or ACIP
● the complementary provisions to the applicable Customer
diligence procedures (such as enhanced Customer due
diligence),
set out in Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Financing
Program, Square AU Pty Ltd December 2024.
AML/CTF means anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing.
AML/CTF Act Means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act
2006 Cth
AML/CTF Compliance means the individual designated as the AML/CTF compliance officer. The
Officer name of each AML/CTF Compliance Officer is set out in Schedule 3;
AML/CTF Laws means the following:
● the AML/CTF Act
● the AML/CTF Rules;
● the Class Exemptions Rules;
● and any other rules and regulations made under the
AML/CTF Act from time to time.
AML/CTF Program means the ML/TF Risk Assessment and these AML/CTF Policies.
AML/CTF Rules means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Rules 2025 Cth AML/CTF Rules).
Associated Persons means:
● person on whose behalf the Customer is receiving the
Designated Service;
● any person acting on behalf of the Customer; and
if the Customer is not an individual – any Beneficial Owner of the
Customer.
AUSTRAC the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre, which is
Australiaʼs anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing
regulator and financial intelligence unit.
Authorised Person means Square AU Compliance Investigation team, or the SMR team.
Beneficiary Institution means a beneficiary institution as defined in section 63A of the AML/CTF
Act and rule 82 of the AML/CTF Rules.
57

Term Meaning
Beneficiary Institution means an item 30 Designated Service in table 1 of section 62 of the
Value Transfer Service AML/CTF Act.
Beneficial Owner of a Customer (other than individual) is a person who:
● ultimately owns (either directly or indirectly) 25% or more of
our Customer; or
● Controls (directly or indirectly) our Customer.
Business Group has the meaning in the AML/CTF Laws.
Class Exemption Rules means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Rules Class Exemptions and Other Matters) Rules 2007.
Control Control, of a body corporate, is:
● having the capacity to cast, or control the casting of, more
than one half of the maximum number of votes that might be
cast at a general meeting of the body corporate; or
● directly or indirectly holding more than one half of the
issued share capital of the body corporate (not including
any part of the issued share capital that carries no right to
participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution of
either profits or capital, and not including mutual capital
instruments within the meaning of section 167AD of the
Corporations Act 2001; or
● having the capacity to control the composition of the body
corporateʼs board or governing body; or
● having the capacity to determine the outcome of decisions
about the body corporateʼs financial and operating policies,
taking into account:
o the practical influence that can be exerted (rather
than the rights that can be enforced); and
o any practice or pattern of behaviour affecting the
body corporateʼs financial or operating policies
(whether or not it involves a breach of an
agreement or a breach of trust).
● Control, of a person other than a body corporate, is:
o having the capacity to control the composition of
the personʼs board or governing body (if any); or
o having the capacity to determine the outcome of
decisions about the personʼs financial and
operating policies, taking into account:
o the practical influence that can be exerted (rather than the
rights that can be enforced); and
o any practice or pattern of behaviour affecting the personʼs
financial or operating policies (whether or not it involves a
breach of an agreement or a breach of trust).
Customer means a person who has or intends to receive Designated Services from
Square AU.
58

Term Meaning
Customer Due means, as applicable, Applicable Customer Identification Procedures,
Diligence Initial Customer Due Diligence and Ongoing Customer Due Diligence.
Customer Monitoring has the meaning given to that term by section 22.
Program
Customer Type has the meaning given to that term by section 11.1.
Designated Services the designated services in Schedule 2 to the AML/CTF Program.
Domestic PEP means:
(a) an individual who holds an office or position (whether or not in or for
the Commonwealth) specified in the AML/CTF Rules; or
(b) an individual who is a member of the legislature of the
Commonwealth or of a State or Territory; or
(c) a family member of an individual covered by paragraph (a) or (b); or
(d) an individual who is known (having regard to information that is
public or readily available) to have:
o joint beneficial ownership of a body corporate or
legal arrangement with an individual covered by
paragraph (a) or (b); or
o sole beneficial ownership of a body corporate or
legal arrangement on behalf or for the benefit of an
individual covered by paragraph (a) or (b); or
o any other close business relations with an
individual covered by paragraph (a) or (b).
ECDD or Enhanced is the process set out in section 17 in accordance with section 31 of the
Customer Due AML/CTF Act.
Diligence
FATF Financial Action Task Force.
FATF the AML/CTF standard that is published by FATF.
Recommendations
Financing of Terrorism conduct that amounts to:
Offence
(a) an offence against section 102.6 or Division 103 of the Criminal
Code; or
(b) an offence against section 20 or 21 of the Charter of the United
Nations Act 1945; or
(c) an offence against a law of a State or Territory that corresponds to
an offence referred to in paragraph (a) or(b); or
(d) an offence against a law of a foreign country or a part of a foreign
country that corresponds to an offence referred to in paragraph (a)
or(b).
Foreign PEP means:
59

Term Meaning
(a) an individual who holds a prominent office or position or public
function in or for the legislature, executive or judiciary of a foreign
country, including an individual who holds any of the following
offices or positions:
o head of state or head of government;
o member of the executive council of government;
o member of a legislature;
o minister, deputy minister or equivalent office or
position;
o judge of a supreme court, constitutional court or
other court of general jurisdiction or last resort;
o ambassador, high commissioner or charge
dʼaffaires;
o high ranking military officer;
o head or board member of a government body;
o head or board member of a state-owned company
or a state-owned bank;
o member of a governing body of a political party
represented in a legislature;
o an office or position prescribed in the AML/CTF
Rules; or
(b) a family member of an individual covered by paragraph (a); or
(c) an individual who is known (having regard to information that is
public or readily available) to have:
o joint beneficial ownership of a body corporate or
legal arrangement with an individual covered by
paragraph (a); or
o sole beneficial ownership of a body corporate or
legal arrangement on behalf or for the benefit of an
individual covered by paragraph (a); or
o any other close business relations with an
individual covered by paragraph (a).
Governing Body The governing body of Square AU is the relevant group of individuals
with primary responsibility for the governance and executive decisions of
Square AU, i.e. its board of directors.
Initial Customer Due means the processes set out in section 14 developed in accordance with
Diligence section 28 of the AML/CTF Act.
Initial Customer Due means the procedures we apply to carry out Initial Customer Due
Diligence Procedures Diligence on our Customers, which is to be developed.
International means:
Organisation PEP
(a) an individual who is entrusted with a prominent public function,
position or office of a public international organisation, including a
60

Term Meaning
head, deputy head or board member in a public international
organisation;
(b) a family member of an individual covered by (a);
(c) an individual who is known (having regard to information that is
public or readily available) to have:
o joint beneficial ownership of a body corporate or
legal arrangement with an individual covered by
paragraph (a); or
o sole beneficial ownership of a body corporate or
legal arrangement on behalf or for the benefit of an
individual covered by paragraph (a); or
o any other close business relations with an
individual covered by paragraph (a).
KYC means “Know your Customerˮ.
KYC Information means information about a Customer that:
● provides reasonable grounds for us to establish the matters
mentioned in section 282 of the AML/CTF Act; or
● enables us to identity or assess the ML/TF Customer Risk.
KYC Refresh Process has the meaning given to that term by section 25.
Merchant Payment has the meaning given to the term in rule 14 of the AML/CTF Rules.
ML/TF Customer Risk of a Customer, means the risk of ML/TF/PF that Square AU may
reasonably face in providing its Designated Service, or Designated
Services to the Customer.
ML/TF Customer Risk means the ML/TF Customer Risk Rating given to a Customer as
Rating described in section 12.
ML/TF/PF money laundering ML and terrorism financing TF and proliferation
financing PF.
ML/TF Risk the assessment of the ML/TF/PF risk that Square AU reasonably faces in
Assessment providing Designated Services.
Money Laundering means conduct that amounts to:
Offence
(a) an offence against Division 400 of the Criminal Code; or
(b) an offence against a law of a State or Territory that corresponds to
an offence referred to in paragraph (a); or
(c) an offence against a law of a foreign country or of a part of a foreign
country that corresponds to an offence referred to in paragraph (a).
OCDD or Ongoing means the processes set out in section 21 developed in accordance with
Customer Due section 30 of the AML/CTF Act.
Diligence
Ordering Institution means an ordering institution as defined in section 63A of the AML/CTF
Act and rule 81 of the AML/CTF Rules.
61

Term Meaning
Ordering Institution means an item 29 Designated Service in table 1 of section 62 of the
Value Transfer Service AML/CTF Act.
Outsourced Service means any third party engaged by Square AU to provide services that
Provider may be used in connection with these AML/CTF Policies as described in
section 27.4.
PEP or Politically means:
Exposed Person ● a Domestic PEP; or
● a Foreign PEP; or
● an International Organisation PEP.
Personnel means Square Personnel and Service Provider Personnel.
Reliable and has the meaning given to that term by section 20.
Independent Data
Reporting Entity has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as either:
● a person who provides a designated service; or
● the lead entity of a reporting group.
Restricted Information means:
● subject to certain limited exceptions, Square AU has given
AUSTRAC, or is required to give to AUSTRAC, an SMR;
● that an SMR has been given or prepared for AUSTRAC, or a
copy of such report;
● a document purporting to set out information (including the
formation or existence of a submission) contained in an
SMR;
● that a person is or has been required to give information, or
produce a document, to a person in response to a notice
issued under section 49 of the AML/CTF Act, or that it has
given the required information or document;
● that a person is or has been required to give information, or
produce a document, to a person in response to a notice
issued under section 49B of the AML/CTF Act, or that it has
given the required information or document; or
● information referred to in paragraph 165Aa, (b), or (c) or
5AAa or (b) of the Financial Transaction Reports Act
1988, as in force immediately before its repeal.
Review means a Review as defined in section 9.2.
Senior Manager of a Reporting Entity, means an individual who makes, or participates in
making, decisions that affect the whole, or a substantial part, of the
business of the Reporting Entity.
SCDD or Simplified means the simplified Customer Due Diligence measures described in
Customer Due section 16 and forming part of the Customer Due Diligence procedures.
Diligence
62

Term Meaning
Service Provider means any persons employed or engaged by our Outsourced Service
Personnel Provider and who perform, or will perform, functions relevant to our
obligations under the AML/CTF Act.
SMR or Suspicious a report of a Suspicion made in accordance with section 41 of the
Matter Report AML/CTF Act.
Square Personnel means any persons employed or engaged by us (e.g. deployed or
seconded from another entity in Square AUʼs Business Group), and who
perform, or will perform, functions relevant to our obligations under the
AML/CTF Act.
Standard Customer means the standard Customer Due Diligence measures applied to
Due Diligence Customers, which is to be developed.
Suspicion a Suspicion has the meaning given to that term in section 35.1.
Targeted Financial by reference to a person designated for financial sanctions, means:
Sanctions ● a designated person or entity (within the meaning of
regulations made under the Charter of the United Nations
Act 1945; or
● a designated person or entity (within the meaning of the
regulations made under the Autonomous Sanctions Act
2011).
Transfer Message has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as, for a
Transfer of Value, a message that contains information relating to the
content of the payerʼs instruction for the Transfer of Value, but does not
include a message of a kind specified in the AML/CTF Rules.
Transfer of Value or has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as a transfer
Value Transfer of money, virtual assets or property, but does not include:
● a transfer of physical currency or other tangible property; or
● a transfer of a kind specified in the AML/CTF Rules.
Travel Rule means the travel rule that apply to an Ordering Institution, Beneficiary
Institution or intermediary institution that are set out in rules 83 to 85 of
the AML/CTF Rules.
TTR or Threshold a TTR or Threshold Transaction Report has the meaning given to that
Transaction Report. term in section 35.2 .
Unusual Activity has the meaning given to that term by section 36.1 .
Report or UAR
Value Transfer Chain has the meaning given to the term in section 63A11 of the AML/CTF Act.
63

Schedule 1 – ML/TF Risk Assessment – summary
The Square AU - 2025 AML/CTF and Sanctions Risk Assessment, Square AU Pty Ltd Sep 2025
(Risk Assessment) outlines the results of the Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing (ML/TF)
and sanctions risk assessment conducted by Block, Inc. (Block), in conjunction with Square AU Pty.
Ltd. (Square AU) covering the timeframe from January 2024 to December 2024.
The 2025 annual Risk Assessment yielded an overall risk rating of Moderate for both ML/TF risks and
sanctions risk, while proliferation financing risk assessed as low. This Risk Assessment considered
both inherent risk and control effectiveness across Square AUʼs operations.
The overall ML/TF results for Square AU are as follows:
Table 1 ML/TF risk (excluding proliferation financing risk) summary
Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Moderate Partially Mitigated Moderate
The overall sanctions results for Square AU are as follows:
Table 2 sanctions risk summary
Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Moderate Partially Mitigated Moderate
Summary of ML/TF and sanctions inherent risk:
Table 3 inherent risk rating by risk category
Inherent Risk Category ML/TF Risk Sanctions Risk
Customer Moderate Moderate
Distribution Channels Moderate Moderate
Emerging Moderate Moderate
Geographic Low Low
Organizational High High
Products and Services Moderate Moderate
Summary of the control environment:
Table 4 Distribution of Controls by Control Effectiveness Rating
64

Assessment Effective Needs Weak Control Gap
Improvement
AML/CTF 68% 20% 8% 4%
Sanctions 47% 28% 13% 13%
Summary of proliferation risk:
Square AUʼs inherent proliferation financing risk was evaluated as Low due to its operational and
structural limitations and the strong regulatory environment in which it operates, according to Block -
2025 Annual Risks & Controls Assessment - Square AU Pty. Ltd.
While Square AUʼs digital payment model, non-face-to-face onboarding, and exposure to industries
that could involve dual-use goods create some theoretical inherent risk, the platform is an impractical
vehicle for sophisticated proliferation financing. Such activities typically require high-value, complex,
and opaque financial channels, which are incompatible with Square AUʼs $50,000 transaction limits,
predominantly small-to-medium retail and hospitality merchant base, domestic-only Australian
operations, transparent transaction flows, and multiple regulated intermediaries with compliance and
monitoring obligations. Together with Australiaʼs strong export control and non-proliferation
framework, these structural and regulatory factors make it highly unlikely that Square AU would be
used for sophisticated proliferation-related activities.
65

– Designated Services
Schedule 2
No. Designated Services under section 6 of the AML/CTF Act
Providing the Designated Service at or through a permanent establishment of Square AU in
Australia
1. Items 1 table 1 (opening an account as a credit card acquirer)
2. Item 2, table 1 (allowing signatories in an account as a credit card acquirer)
3. Item 3, table 1 (allowing transactions in an account as a credit card acquirer)
4. Item 6, table 1 (making a loan)
5. Item 7, table 1 (in the capacity of lender for a loan or assignee of the lender for a loan,
allowing the borrower to conduct a transaction in relation to a loan)
6. Item 29, table 1 (in the capacity of ordering institution, accepting an instruction for the
transfer of value on behalf of a payer).
7. Item 30, table 1 (in the capacity of beneficiary institution, in relation to a transfer of
value, making the transferred value available to a payee).
66

– Square AU Senior Managers and AML/CTF
Schedule 3
Compliance Officer
AML/CTF Compliance Officer
1.
Square AU has appointed the following person as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer:
Jing WANG
Senior Managers
2.
Square AU has appointed the following individuals to the role of Senior Manager with approval
authorities set out below. Each Senior Manager may exercise their approval authority alone and does
not need to obtain the authority of any other Senior Manager, provided the relevant approval is within
the scope of their authority.
Senior Manager Authority
1. Lance Howard May approve:
● the AML/CTF Policies;
Chief Compliance Officer
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment
and changes to these.
May approve any of the ongoing matters
requiring approval as set out in section 6.3 of the
AML/CTF Policies.
67

– Travel Rules
Schedule 4
Travel Rule: Key Implementation Considerations - Square AU - item 29 and 30
This table summarises our understanding of the AU settlement process for Square payment services.
Settlement Description Item 29 Travel Rule requirements - Item 30 Travel Rule requirements -
process Information to be collected, verified, Information to monitor in respect of the
passed on in the transfer message …. transfer message ….
1. Australia Processing of the Rule 83, item 5 - refund of merchant Rule 84, items 4 - merchant payment
Funds transaction: payment
Flow -
Current ● Card number of the card the Payer
● Refer to Tab 3 Information to be collected/verified: N/A Sellerʼs customer] used in relation
- ‘Australia to the merchant payment.
Funds Flow -
Currentʼ Information to be passed on:
diagram The card number/PAN can be a tokenised
● Square reference[See tab 2 - record keeping for
receives the more information].
● Card number of the card the Payer
transaction
Sellerʼs customer] used in relation
details
to the merchant payment that is
including PAN refunded. Take reasonable steps to monitor that
(card number) Square AU has received the card number.
from the
Square Seller
The card number/PAN can be a tokenised
[step 1
reference See tab 2 - record keeping for
more information].
1

Settlement Description Item 29 Travel Rule requirements - Item 30 Travel Rule requirements -
process Information to be collected, verified, Information to monitor in respect of the
passed on in the transfer message …. transfer message ….
Square already receives transaction data Reject the transfer or apply AML/CTF
including the PAN so it has the PAN to be policies if information is missing or
able to pass on to the next institution in the inaccurate.
chain (described below).
Next institution: CUSCAL, AMEX Acquirer)
Timing: Transfer message must be passed
on before, or at the same time as, Square
gives effect to the transfer of value (s
643.
2. Australia Processing of the As above for #1 except: ● As above for #1
Funds transaction:
Flow - Next institution: CUSCALAcquirer)
NPP
Instant ● Refer to Tab 4
Deposits - ‘Australia
only Funds Flow -
NPP Instant
Deposits onlyʼ
diagram
● Square
receives the
transaction
details
including PAN
2

Settlement Description Item 29 Travel Rule requirements - Item 30 Travel Rule requirements -
process Information to be collected, verified, Information to monitor in respect of the
passed on in the transfer message …. transfer message ….
(card number)
from the
Square Seller
[step 1.
3. Australia Processing of the As above for #1 except: ● As above for #1
Funds transaction:
Flow - Next institution (eftpos):
NPP + CUSCALAcquirer)
Direct ● Refer to Tab 5
acquirin - ‘Australia Next institution MC/Visa): Visa, MC
g Funds Flow - Issuer
NPP + Direct
acquiringʼ
diagram
● Square
receives the
transaction
details
including PAN
(card number)
from the
Square Seller
[step 1.
Record keeping
3

You must make and keep records of individual transactions related to the value transfer services you provide. You must also keep records of your
AML/CTF policies and records that demonstrate you have met your travel rule obligations AML/CTF sections 107, 111 and 1163.
https://www.austrac.gov.au/amlctf-reform/reforms-guidance/other-guidance/travel-rule-reform/travel-rule-obligations-ordering-institutions-reform
#Record%20keeping
Therefore, Square AU should keep records of how it has satisfied the travel rule requirements for each individual value transfer transaction - so all
of the information it has collected, verified and passed on (as described in the first tab of this document) should be retained by way of transaction
records in accordance with the requirements in the abovementioned sections and Square AUʼs AML/CTF Policies.
Record keeping of PAN (card number):
We understand from Juan Pablo Marzetti that we store first 6 and last 4 digits of a card in all payment records. We assume an issuer can find
transactions with that information + date + amount.
AUSTRAC suggests that for a merchant payment, it is typical for a tokenised reference to replace the card number, to allow the card issuer to trace
the payment to the payerʼs card:
If AUSTRACʼ expectation is that an ordering institution (or intermediary institution) is only required to pass on a tokenised reference, it would then
undermine this position if a beneficiary institution were required to monitor for receipt a complete set of the card number. It makes sense for the
beneficiary institution to treat the tokenised reference, or a shorter form of card number (which allows the ordering institution to trace back to the
card) as complete information to be received under the travel rule, and to be held the on record in accordance with section 107.
While the legal position is not entirely clear, we consider what you have suggested to be a reasonable position for Square AU to take.
4

https://www.austrac.gov.au/amlctf-reform/reforms-guidance/other-guidance/travel-rule-reform/travel-rule-overview-reform
Aus Funds Flow - current
5

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1m_n9JWbNnpbIDBWLlxvH6dn3qvICL8WLMWX3gT1hBM/edit?slide=id.gfd807e95c3_0_50#slide=id.gfd8
07e95c3_0_50
6

Aus Funds Flow - NPP Instant Deposits Only
1

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1m_n9JWbNnpbIDBWLlxvH6dn3qvICL8WLMWX3gT1hBM/edit?slide=id.gfd807e95c3_0_152#slide=id.gfd807e95
c3_0_152
Aus Funds Flow - NPP + Direct Acquiring
2

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1m_n9JWbNnpbIDBWLlxvH6dn3qvICL8WLMWX3gT1hBM/edit?slide=id.g100d573477b_0_36#slide=id.g100d573
477b_0_36
3