Anti-Money Laundering &
Counter-Terrorism Financing
Policies
Afterpay | Afterpay New Zealand
Limited
27 March 2026
Last Approval Date
2068982271

Revision & Approval History
Ver Approver Type Description Date
.
1.0 Afterpay NZ Board Creation New Australian AML/CTF Program 15 November 2019
2.0 Afterpay NZ Board Material Remove reference to factoring 22 November
Change 2019
Approval
3.0 Afterpay NZ Board Material Decline of Ministerial exemption 22 May 2020
Change application resulting in need to
Approval conduct electronic identity
verification, enhanced customer
due diligence and PEP checks,
updates to incorporate
recommendations from 2019 audit,
and general update of AML/CFT
Programme following review
3.1 Afterpay NZ Board Material Change of AML/CTF Officer 12 August 2020
Change
Approval
4.0 Immaterial New Template 27 August 2021
Change
Approval
4.1 Afterpay NZ Board Schedule Annual review and minor cosmetic 23 September
d Review changes 2021
4.2 Afterpay NZ Board Schedule Minor administrative changes 21 December
d Review 2022
5.0 Afterpay NZ Board Material Change of AML/CTF Officer 14 April 2023
Change
Approval
5.1 Immaterial New Template 31 August 2023
Change
Approval
6.0 AML/CTF Schedule Annual review and minor 15 November
Compliance Officer d Review administrative changes to bring the 2024
Martina Kann program up to date.
Afterpay NZ Board 18 November
2024
7.0 Afterpay NZ Board Material Redrafted the Program to AML/CTF 27 March 2026
Change Policies to comply with updated
Approval AML/CTF Laws
31 March 2026
Martina Kann, Head
of Compliance
Afterpay ANZ; and
Senior Manager,
Afterpay ANZ AML
Program

Questions
Any questions arising from these AML/CTF Policies, please contact the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
or [a/the] Senior Manager.

Contents
Section A Overview of the Afterpay NZ AML/CTF Program 1
1. Overview of the AML/CTF Program 1
1.1 About Afterpay NZ 1
1.2 Afterpay NZ AML/CTF Program 2
1.3 Application of these AML/CTF Policies 2
1.4 Enrolment with AUSTRAC 2
2. Updates to the AML/CTF Program 2
2.1 Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment 2
2.2 Updates to AML/CTF Policies 3
2.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer review 3
2.4 Documenting updates to the AML/CTF Program 3
2.5 Role of supporting systems and processes 3
3. AUSTRAC feedback and guidance 4
3.1 Incorporation of AUSTRAC feedback and guidance 4
3.2 Actioning AUSTRAC feedback and guidance 4
4. Independent evaluations 5
4.1 Frequency of independent evaluations 5
Section B Governance 6
5. Governing body 6
5.1 Responsibilities of Governing Bodies 6
5.2 Governing Body remaining informed 6
5.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body 6
6. Senior Managers 7
6.1 Overview of Senior Managers 7
6.2 Designation of Senior Managers for approving AML/CTF Program 8
6.3 Ongoing matters requiring approval of Senior Manager 8
7. AML/CTF Compliance Officer 8
7.1 Designation of AML/CTF Compliance Officer 8
7.2 Fit and proper requirement 8
7.3 Functions of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer 9
7.4 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body 9
7.5 Delegation of duties 9
7.6 AML/CTF Training for the AML/CTF Compliance Officer 9
7.7 Notifying AUSTRAC of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer 9
Section C ML/TF Risk Assessment 11
8. ML/TF Risk Assessment 11
8.1 Overview of Afterpay NZ ML/TF Risk Assessment 11
8.2 Afterpay NZ ML/TF Risk Assessment 11
9. Reviewing the ML/TF Risk Assessment 11
9.1 Ongoing review of ML/TF Risk Assessment 11
9.2 Triggers and timing 11
9.3 Oversight of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment following Review 12
1

9.4 Exception – PF Risk Assessment 12
10. Breach escalation procedures 12
10.1 Breach reporting process 12
10.2 Escalation of AML/CTF breaches 12
10.3 Addressing AML/CTF breaches 12
10.4 Breaches register 13
Section D Travel Rule 14
11. Application of the Travel Rule 14
12. Travel Rule for Ordering Instructions 14
12.1 Value Transfers undertaken by Afterpay NZ 14
12.2 Accepting instruction from a payer 14
12.3 Value Transfer is a Merchant Payment 14
12.4 Value Transfer is not a Merchant Payment 14
12.5 Timing to pass on information 15
12.6 Request to provide information 15
12.7 Exemption from the Travel Rule 16
Section E Reporting 16
13. AML compliance reports 16
14. Preventing tipping off 17
14.1 Tipping off offence 17
14.2 Exceptions 17
14.3 Controls to manage tipping off risk 17
Section F Outsourcing and Record Keeping 19
15. Record keeping 19
15.1 Retention of records 19
16. Outsourcing and third-party technology providers 19
16.1 Engaging with Outsourced Services Providers 19
Section G Matters not dealt with in these AML/CTF Policies 20
17. Customer Due Diligence 20
18. Financial sanctions 20
19. Personnel due diligence and training 20
20. Suspicious matter, threshold transaction and value transfer service reporting 20
Section H Definitions 21
21. Definitions 21
Schedule 1 ML/TF Risk Assessment – summary 23
Schedule 2 Designated Services 26
Schedule 3 Afterpay NZ Senior Managers and AML/CTF Compliance Officer 27
2

Section A Overview of the Afterpay NZ AML/CTF Program
1. Overview of the AML/CTF Program
1.1 About Afterpay NZ
Afterpay New Zealand Limited 6340314 (Afterpay NZ, we, or us) is a reporting entity enrolled on the
Reporting Entity Roll regulated by AUSTRAC for the purposes of Australian AML/CTF Laws.
Afterpay NZ is a subsidiary of Afterpay Pty Ltd Australia), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
Block, Inc. Afterpay NZ is a non-bank institution that offers short-term loans (also referred to as ‘Low
Cost Credit Contractsʼ or ‘Buy Now Pay Later Contractsʼ under the National Credit Code), but does not
hold a banking licence.
Afterpay NZ offers a ‘Buy Now, Pay Laterʼ (BNPL) product that allows a Customer to make an interest
free purchases using a short-term, low value loans at a participating merchant and to repay the loan
to Afterpay NZ over four fortnightly instalments.
Although Afterpay NZ is registered and operates in New Zealand (NZ), is subject to NZ laws and the
regulation of the NZ Department of Internal Affairs, the AML/CTF Law extend to the activities of a
subsidiary of an Australian resident company insofar as that subsidiary provides a Designated Service
at or through a permanent establishment of that subsidiary in a country other than Australia. Afterpay
NZ is a subsidiary of Afterpay Pty Ltd ACN 618 280 649, an Australian resident company, and it
provides certain Designated Services at or through its permanent establishment in NZ.
Customers ordinarily fund the repayment of the instalments to Afterpay NZ from debit or credit cards.
Afterpay NZ directly pays the merchant for the purchase price of the goods (less a fee), and assumes
the credit risk. Afterpay NZ settles these funds to the merchantʼs nominated bank account by
providing instructions to NZ local bank partners to make those payments. There is no surcharge to a
Customer for the use of an Afterpay NZ BNPL product as long as payments are made in accordance
with their payment schedule. Unlike some typical finance businesses, Afterpay NZ relies on, and
benefits from Customers paying off their loans in full and on time.
Afterpay NZʼs BNPL product can also be accessed at merchant stores, via the use of an Afterpay NZ
Card, or an Afterpay NZ Plus Card.
Afterpay NZ also allows NZ Customers to purchase goods and services from some merchants in other
markets where Afterpay NZ is located. For NZ Customers, this is limited to Canada, Australia, United
Kingdom and the United States. Reciprocally, an NZ merchant can sell goods and services to
Customers in those same markets. This payment mechanism is called Cross Border Trade. Payments
to fund purchases and settle funds to merchants in these markets are conducted through payment
services provided by Afterpay NZʼs local bank. Payments from Customers to Afterpay NZ are made
via the Customersʼ debit or credit cards via our payment acquiring partners.
As at the end of November 2025, Afterpay NZ has approximately 21,700 active direct merchants and
744,400 active Customers in NZ. The average transaction size is $115 and the average number of
purchases per Customer account is approximately 5.6 per month. As at the end of November 2025,
Afterpay NZʼs business has approximately 545 employees, mostly based in Australia.
We recognise that there is a risk that Afterpay NZʼs BNPL product may be used to facilitate money
laundering, terrorism and proliferation financing. The Afterpay NZ ML/TF Risk Assessment is
summarised in Schedule 1.
By having procedures to more effectively identify the Customers of our Designated Services, and
policies to manage and mitigate ML/TF/PF risk, we provide both a deterrent to persons considering
the misuse of our services but also generate records that provide an audit trail that may be relied
upon by law enforcement agencies entitled to access the information.
1

1.2 Afterpay NZ AML/CTF Program
The Afterpay NZ AML/CTF Program comprises:
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment of Afterpay NZ,1 as summarised in Schedule 1; and
● these AML/CTF Policies. These AML/CTF Policies have been designed to:
○ appropriately manage and mitigate the risks of ML/TF/PF that Afterpay NZ may
reasonably face in providing its Designated Services. Each Designated Service that
Afterpay NZ provides (or may provide) to Customers are set out in Schedule 2;2
○ ensure that Afterpay NZ complies with the obligations imposed by the AML/CTF
Laws;3 and
○ be appropriate to the nature, size and complexity of the Afterpay NZ business.4
Afterpay NZ must comply with these AML/CTF Policies.5
1.3 Application of these AML/CTF Policies
The Afterpay NZ AML/CTF Program, including these AML/CTF Policies, was formally approved and
adopted by the Governing Body on 27 March 2026 and Senior Manager of Afterpay AU on 31 March
2026.
The full amendment and approval history of these AML/CTF Policies can be found at the beginning of
this document. Afterpay NZ keeps a record of these approvals. The Designated Services provided by
Afterpay NZ are listed in Schedule 2.
1.4 Enrolment with AUSTRAC
Afterpay NZ is enrolled with AUSTRAC as a Reporting Entity.6
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that the AUSTRAC CEO is notified of any changes to
enrolment details within 14 days of the change occurring.7
As a Reporting Entity enrolled with AUSTRAC, we will advise the AUSTRAC CEO of any changes to the
enrolment details which were provided to AUSTRAC when we are enrolled as a Reporting Entity.8 This
includes information about our Designated Services,9 and information relating to us.10 It also includes
updating our annual earnings where earnings of $100 million or more occur.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that the AUSTRAC CEO is notified of any changes to the
above enrolment details within 14 days of the change occurring.11
2. Updates to the AML/CTF Program
2.1 Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment
The ML/TF Risk Assessment will be kept under review and updated from time to time as described in
Section C of these AML/CTF Policies.
Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment:
1 AML/CTF Act, ss 26C – 26E.
2 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(a).
3 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(b).
4 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(c). AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(d) also requires the Reporting Entity to develop and maintain AML/CTF Policies that deal
with certain matters in respect of transfer of value. The Designated Services we provide do not trigger this obligation.
5 AML/CTF Act, ss 26G(1).
6 AML/CTF Act, s 51B.
7 AML/CTF Act, s 51F(2)(a).
8 AML/CTF Act, s 51F.
9 AML/CTF Rules, r 3-9(1) which specifies information in r 3-2.
10 AML/CTF Rules, r 3-9(1) which specifies information in r 3-3.
11 AML/CTF Act, ss 51F(2)(a) and 75M(4)(a).
2

● may be made with the approval of a Senior Manager with authority to do so. Senior Managers
with such authority are specified in Schedule 3;12
● must be notified, in writing, to the Governing Body of Afterpay NZ as soon as practicable after
the update is made; and13
● will result in a review and update of these AML/CTF Policies in accordance with 2.2.14
2.2 Updates to AML/CTF Policies
These AML/CTF Policies will be kept under review and updated from time to time including:
● as a result of any need identified as part of the AML/CTF Compliance Officerʼs review as
described in section 2.3;
● in response to AUSTRAC feedback and guidance as described in section 3;
● following an independent evaluation as described in section 4; and
● in response to a review of the ML/TF Risk Assessment as described in section 8.
Changes to the AML/CTF Policies must be approved by a Senior Manager with authority to do so.
Senior Managers with such authority are specified in Schedule 3.15
2.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer review
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that a review of the AML/CTF Policies is conducted at
least annually.16 This review will cover:
● our compliance with these AML/CTF Policies;
● the extent to which our AML/CTF Policies are appropriately managing and mitigating the
ML/TF/PF risk that we may reasonably face in providing our designated services; and
● our compliance with the AML/CTF Laws.17
Following this review, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must report to the Governing Body on the
findings of this review in accordance with section 5.3.
2.4 Documenting updates to the AML/CTF Program
If we update the AML/CTF Program (including these AML/CTF Policies or the ML/TF Risk
Assessment), we will document the AML/CTF Program (as updated) within 14 days after the update
occurs.18
2.5 Role of supporting systems and processes
These AML/CTF Policies will be supported by internal procedures, systems and controls to ensure
that Afterpay NZ implements its obligations consistently with these AML/CTF Policies. These
supporting arrangements include, but are not limited to:
● Afterpay NZ - Customer Due Diligence and Reporting SOP
● Afterpay NZ - Suspicious Activity and Transaction Reporting SAR_STR Instructions
● Afterpay ANZ – AU Consumer Customer Risk Rating framework;
● Afterpay ANZ - AU Global Consumer Risk Rating Due Diligence Program ECDD/OCDD
● Afterpay ANZ - AU Ongoing Customer Due Diligence SOP
● Afterpay ANZ - AU Enhanced Customer Due Diligence SOP
12 AML/CTF Act, s 26P(1)
13 AML/CTF Act, s 26P(2)
14 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(c)(i).
15 AML/CTF Act, s 26P(1)
16 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(d).
17 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-7.
18 AML/CTF Act, s 26N(1); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-15(2).
3

● Afterpay ANZ - AU Global Transaction Monitoring Rulebook
● Afterpay ANZ - - AU Automated Transaction Instruction Australia) SOP
● Afterpay ANZ - - AU Consumer Watchlist Screening Instructions
● Afterpay ANZ - AU Unusual Activity Report Instructions
● Afterpay ANZ - Consumer Merchant Suspension and Termination Instruction
● Afterpay ANZ - Merchant Watchlist Screening Instruction
● Afterpay ANZ - Merchant Enhanced Due Diligence Instruction
Any changes to the supporting internal procedures, systems and controls will be documented in those
materials.
The governance of changes to those supporting internal procedures, systems and controls will be
documented in those materials. Provided that the supporting internal procedures, systems and
controls operate consistently with these AML/CTF Policies, changes to those processes, systems and
controls may not require the approval of a Senior Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, we will ensure
that any material changes to our policies, procedures, systems and controls to manage the ML/TF
Risk will be approved by a Senior manager and/or the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
3. AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
3.1 Incorporation of AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
Our AML/CTF Policies have been developed and are updated taking into account:
● any applicable guidance material publicly disseminated or published by AUSTRAC; and
● any feedback we receive from AUSTRAC in respect of our own business or the industry we
operation in;
that is relevant to the identification, mitigation and management of ML/TF/PF risk arising from our
provision of Designated Services. We do this by following the process set out below in section 3.2.
3.2 Actioning AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
Following receipt of direct AUSTRAC feedback (either written or oral) or becoming aware of
applicable AUSTRAC guidance, a Senior Manager and/or the AML/CTF Compliance Officer (as
appropriate) will:
● have regard to the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance in determining whether an update to the
AML/CTF Program is necessary;
● consider the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance and any necessary action that we will need to
take to ensure ongoing compliance with AML/CTF Laws including incorporating the feedback or
guidance into any applicable assessments of PF/ML/TF risk, or underlying processes, systems
or controls;
● consult with AUSTRAC as is appropriate in the circumstances;
● provide a report containing the relevant details of the AUSTRAC feedback and the AML/CTF
Compliance Officerʼs recommendations in relation to the action to be taken (if any) in respect of
the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance, to the Governing Body within 30 business days of
receiving the feedback; and
● maintain a register to document the information that has been communicated by AUSTRAC.
Where it is appropriate to do so, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may inform AUSTRAC of any action
we have taken (or have decided to take), including but not limited to updating the AML/CTF Program,
in relation to the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance.
4

4. Independent evaluations
4.1 Frequency of independent evaluations
We will conduct independent evaluations of the AML/CTF Program including both the ML/TF Risk
Assessment and the AML/CTF Policies every 2 years.
5

Section B Governance
5. Governing body
5.1 Responsibilities of Governing Bodies
The Governing Body will exercise appropriate ongoing oversight of:
● our identification and assessment of the risk for the purposes of our ML/TF Risk Assessment;
and
● our compliance with our AML/CTF Policies and the AML/CTF Laws.19
The Governing Body will take reasonable steps to ensure that we are:
● appropriately identifying, assessing, managing and mitigating the risks of ML/TF/ PF that that
we may reasonably face in providing designated services; and
● otherwise complying with these AML/CTF Policies and the AML/CTF Laws.20
5.2 Governing Body remaining informed
The Governing Body will keep informed through:
● the ongoing reporting by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, as described in section 5.3;
● updates provided from Senior Managers, including as part of updating the Governing Body as
part of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment described in section 9.3; and
● ongoing training provided to the Governing Body, as described in section 19. Training for the
Governing Body will be appropriately tailored for the roles and responsibilities of the
Governing Body and will occur at least annually or otherwise upon request of any of the
Afterpay NZ board members.
5.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body
The Governing Body will receive reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer in accordance with
the following:21
No. Frequency Content
1. At least every 12 months The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will report to the
Governing Body on the outcome of the annual review
undertaken as described in section 2.3. The report to the
Governing Body will cover:
● our compliance with these AML/CTF Policies;
● the extent to which our AML/CTF Policies are
appropriately managing and mitigating the risks of
ML/TF/PF that we may reasonably face in providing
our designated services; and
● our compliance with the AML/CTF Laws.22
2. Quarterly The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will provide periodic
updates covering the following, to the extent relevant to the
reporting period:
19 AML/CTF Act, s 26H(1)(a).
20 AML/CTF Act, s 26H(1)(b),
21 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5 – 7.
22 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5 – 7.
6

No. Frequency Content
● reports of, or the results from, independent reviews,
internal reviews or compliance assessments, or other
assessments as to our current state of compliance
with the AML/CTF Laws;
● reviews of the AML/CTF framework including
identification of, and progress in relation to, AML/CTF
processes, systems and controls or other aspects of
AML/CTF compliance requiring uplift;
● AUSTRAC feedback, the management of AUSTRAC
feedback and information provided to AUSTRAC (such
as AML/CTF compliance reports or responses to
notices) in accordance with section 3;
● relevant business trends which may include
operational metrics (for example, SMRs);
● relevant regulatory changes, market developments or
identification of new risk typologies;
● identification and/or reporting of breaches of
AML/CTF Laws in accordance with section 9 and how
relevant incidents are being remediated and
monitored; and
● any other subject matter that the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer considers appropriate to bring to
the Governing Bodyʼs attention.
3. Following an independent The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will report to the
evaluation Governing Body on the outcome of an independent
evaluation undertaken in accordance with section 4 as soon
as practicable of the independent evaluation report being
received.
4. Ad hoc at the request of the Any updates otherwise contemplated under rows 1, 2 or 3
AML/CTF Compliance above in this table outside the scheduled reporting periods
Officer, a Senior Manager as identified by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, a Senior
or the Governing Body. Manager or the Governing Body as being necessary or
appropriate in the circumstances.
All reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be provided with sufficient detail to enable the
Governing Body to engage with the information and enable the Governing Body to understand
ML/TF/PF risks and existing or developing compliance considerations.
6. Senior Managers
6.1 Overview of Senior Managers
We have identified Senior Managers with responsibility for making approvals of certain matters.
These Senior Managers have been identified as individuals who make, or participate in making,
decisions that affect the whole, or a substantial part, of the business of Afterpay NZ.
Afterpay NZ will have at least one Senior Managers designated to it. The roles and responsibilities of
each Senior Manager may differ. The names of the Senior Managers, and their approval authorities,
are set out in Schedule 3.
7

6.2 Designation of Senior Managers for approving AML/CTF Program
Our ML/TF Risk Assessment and AML/CTF Policies, including any updates to either, must be
approved by a Senior Manager.
Senior Managers responsible for approving:
● the AML/CTF Policies (including any updates to these); and
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment (including any updates to these),23
are specified in Schedule 3.
6.3 Ongoing matters requiring approval of Senior Manager
The approval of a Senior Manager will be obtained before we enter into an agreement or arrangement
of the kind referred to in paragraph 37A1a of the AML/CTF Act as the first entity.24
Senior Managers with authority to give this approval are specified in Schedule 3.
7. AML/CTF Compliance Officer
7.1 Designation of AML/CTF Compliance Officer
We must designate an AML/CTF Compliance Officer25 no later than 28 days after the day on which we
commence to provide a designated service.26
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer we appoint will be:
● a person employed or otherwise engaged by Afterpay NZ at a management level;27
● a person with sufficient authority, independence and access to resources and information to
ensure the individual can perform the functions of an AML/CTF Compliance Officer
effectively;28 and
● a fit and proper person.29
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be appointed by the Governing Body.
7.2 Fit and proper requirement
To determine if an individual is a fit and proper person to be an AML/CTF Compliance Officer we will
have regard to:
● whether the individual possesses the necessary competence, skills, knowledge, diligence,
expertise and soundness of judgement to properly perform the duties of the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer for Afterpay NZ (having regard to the nature, size and complexity of
Afterpay NZ;
● whether the individual has the attributes of good character, honesty and integrity;
● whether the individual has been convicted of a serious offence;30
● whether the individual has been the subject of civil or criminal proceedings, or a regulatory or
disciplinary process in Australia or a foreign country that:
○ related to the management of an entity, or commercial or professional activity; and
23 AML/CTF Act, ss 26F(4)(c) and 26P(1).
24 AML/CTF Act, s 37A(1)(a): This is where there is a reliance arrangement between 2 reporting entities and the first reporting entity is seeking
to rely on the CDD undertaken by the other entity.
25 AML/CTF Act, ss 26J(1) and 26F(4)(b).
26 AML/CTF Act, s 26K(2).
27 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(2)(a).
28 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(2)(b).
29 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(b).
30 This does not affect the operation of Part VIIC of the Crimes Act 1914 (which includes provisions that, in certain circumstances, relieve
persons from the requirement to disclose spent convictions and require persons aware of such convictions to disregard them).
8

○ involved an adverse finding as to the individualʼs competence, diligence, judgement,
honesty or
integrity;
● whether the individual is an undischarged bankrupt under the law of Australia or a foreign
country;
● whether the individual has executed a personal insolvency agreement under Part X of the
Bankruptcy Act 1966 Cth or a similar law of a foreign country; and
● whether the individual has a conflict of interest that will create a material risk that the
individual will fail to properly perform the duties of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer for
Afterpay NZ.31
7.3 Functions of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will:
● oversee and coordinate Afterpay NZʼs day-to-day compliance with the AML/CTF Laws;
● oversee and coordinate the effective operation of and compliance with Afterpay NZʼs
AML/CTF Policies;
● communicate, on behalf of Afterpay NZ with AUSTRAC; and
● do anything incidental to or conducive to the performance of any of the above functions.32
7.4 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body
The Governing Body will receive reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer as described in
section 4.3.33
7.5 Delegation of duties
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may delegate any of their duties to appropriately trained and skilled
Afterpay NZ Personnel as they see fit and if appropriate, in the context of Afterpay NZʼs business
operations and AML/CTF compliance.
In addition to delegating to Afterpay NZ Personnel, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may also
delegate in accordance with Outsourced Services Provider delegations.
The responsibility for oversight of all AML/CTF matters resides with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will also retain overall responsibility for their role even where some
compliance functions are delegated.
7.6 AML/CTF Training for the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
To ensure that our AML/CTF Compliance Officer has the necessary knowledge and skills to carry out
their functions, they will receive AML/CTF training.
7.7 Notifying AUSTRAC of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
We will notify AUSTRAC of the individual who is designated as our AML/CTF Compliance Officer
within 14 days after the individual is designated as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.34
We will ensure this notice is in the approved form and contains the information and is accompanied by
such documents, as is required by the approved form.35
31 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(c). AML/CTF Rules, r 5-14(1).
32 AML/CTF Act, s 26L.
33 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-7.
34 AML/CTF Act, s 26M(1).
35 AML/CTF Act, s 26M(2).
9

10

Section C ML/TF Risk Assessment
8. ML/TF Risk Assessment
8.1 Overview of Afterpay NZ ML/TF Risk Assessment
Afterpay NZ has undertaken an ML/TF Risk Assessment - 2025 ML/TF and Sanctions Risk
Assessment, Afterpay NZ Limited Nov 2025. In undertaking this ML/TF Risk Assessment, we have
had regard to the nature, size and complexity of Afterpay NZʼs business.36 Afterpay NZ is not required
to have regard to specific matters when undertaking ML/TF risk assessment.37
8.2 Afterpay NZ ML/TF Risk Assessment
Afterpay NZ will not provide any Designated Services without an ML/TF Risk Assessment being in
place and kept up to date in accordance with these AML/CTF Policies.
A summary of our ML/TF Risk Assessment is set out in Schedule 1.
9. Reviewing the ML/TF Risk Assessment
9.1 Ongoing review of ML/TF Risk Assessment
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer is responsible for ensuring that the ML/TF Risk Assessment is
subject to ongoing review for the purpose of identifying and assessing any new risks or changes to
previously assessed ML/TF/PF risk.38 This ongoing review will be undertaken in a manner that is
appropriate to Afterpay NZʼs nature, size and complexity.
9.2 Triggers and timing
A review of the ML/TF Risk Assessment (Review) must be undertaken if any of the following events
(Review Trigger Events) occur:
Review Trigger Event Timing for Review and updates
● The Review must be undertaken as soon as practicable after
AUSTRAC communicates
the information is communicated.40
information that identifies or
assesses risks associated with ● Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk Assessment to
Afterpay NZʼs provision of address any issues identified in the Review must be made as
designated services.39 soon as practicable after the Review is completed.
● The Review must be undertaken as soon as practicable after
An independent evaluation
the Governing Body receives the independent evaluation
report contains adverse
report, in accordance with section 4.3.42
findings in relation to the ML/TF
Risk Assessment.41 ● Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk Assessment to
address any issues identified in the Review must be made as
soon as practicable after the Review is completed. 43
36 AML/CTF Act, s 26C(2).
37 AML/CTF Act, s26C(c).
38 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1).
39 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(a)(ii).
40 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(c).
41 AML/CTF Act, s Section 26D(1)(a)(iii); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-1(1).
42 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(d). AML/CTF Rules, r 5-1(2).
43 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(4)(b).
11

Review Trigger Event Timing for Review and updates
In addition, the ML/TF Risk Assessment must be reviewed by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer at
least annually (whether or not any of the above events occur)44 and as per Blockʼs Global AML &
Sanctions risk Assessment Framework.
Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk Assessment to address any issues identified in the Review
must be made as soon as practicable after the Review is completed. 45
9.3 Oversight of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment following Review
The updated ML/TF Risk Assessment must be approved by a Senior Manager in accordance with
section 2.1. The change must be notified to the Governing Body as practicable after the update in
accordance with section 2.1.
9.4 Exception – PF Risk Assessment
As set out in the summary of the ML/TF Risk Assessment in Schedule 1 we have assessed the PF risk
we may reasonably face as low.
As a result of this assessment, we have determined that our PF risk can be appropriately managed
and mitigated by our policies, procedures, systems and controls that we have in place to manage and
mitigate ML or TF risks as detailed in these AML/CTF Policies.46
The PF risk we reasonably face when providing Designated Services is kept under ongoing review in
accordance with this section 9.
10. Breach escalation procedures
10.1 Breach reporting process
Breaches (or apparent breaches) of the AML/CTF Laws or these AML/CTF Policies must be reported
to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
10.2 Escalation of AML/CTF breaches
Where there has been a failure to comply with any system, control or procedure established in
accordance with these AML/CTF Policies that:
● has not been, or is incapable of being, fully remedied within five 5 business days; or
● the AML/CTF Compliance Officer otherwise considers to be significant,
the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must notify a Senior Manager, as soon as possible.
10.3 Addressing AML/CTF breaches
The Senior Manager(s) will work with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to consider the breach and
prepare a plan of action to address the breach (including, where relevant, the causes of the breach).
This may include one or more of the following:
● preparation of a targeted project plan to remedy the breach;
● creation of a timeline for further review of any relevant parts of these AML/CTF Policies;
● updates or amendments to these AML/CTF Policies or any applicable underlying policies and
procedures;
44 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(b).
45 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(4).
46 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(11).
12

● alterations to particular products or services, or our business model; or
● any other actions that a Senior Manager or the Governing Body considers is appropriate.
If appropriate, a Senior Manager alongside the ANZ Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee will
approve a plan of action.
Where a Senior Manager and the AML/CTF Compliance Officer consider it is appropriate to do so, the
details of the breach and the plan of action may then be presented to the Governing Body by the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer. Where this occurs, the Governing Body will review the information
provided by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer and will take the action that the Governing Body
determines is necessary after considering the breach and any other matters that it considers to be
relevant.
10.4 Breaches register
The Afterpay NZ AML/CTF Compliance Officer must keep a breach register which contains details of
any breaches (or potential breaches) or failure to comply with the procedures set out in these
AML/CTF Policies. On an annual basis, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must review the breach
register and consider whether the breaches or non-compliance which occurred during the relevant
period indicate any material gaps or systemic deficiencies in the Afterpay NZʼs AML/CTF Program that
are yet to be addressed; and make relevant recommendations to the Governing Body on how these
deficiencies will be rectified.
13

Section D Travel Rule
11. Application of the Travel Rule
As the provider of an Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service, Afterpay NZ is subject to the Travel
Rule as an Ordering Institution.47
12. Travel Rule for Ordering Instructions
12.1 Value Transfers undertaken by Afterpay NZ
Afterpay NZ must comply with the Travel Rule as applicable to an Ordering Institution. This requires
Afterpay NZ to collect, verify and pass on prescribed information.
Afterpay NZ may provide Ordering Institution Value Transfer Services relating to:
● Merchant Payments; or
● other Value Transfer services that are not connected to Merchant Payments.
Afterpay NZʼs policies for meeting its Travel Rule obligations in providing Ordering Institution Value
Transfer Services are described in this section 12.
12.2 Accepting instruction from a payer
When Afterpay NZ provides an Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service, the service will commence
with Afterpay NZ accepting a transfer instruction from a Customer (payer). This instruction may be:
● verbal;
● written; or
● implicit under a standing arrangement.
The instruction may be provided directly or indirectly.
The instruction will describe who the value is being transferred to (payee).
12.3 Value Transfer is a Merchant Payment
If the Value Transfer is a Merchant Payment:
● we are not required to collect or verify any information.48 However, we may have collected
information on the payer as part of our Customer Due Diligence; and
● we are required to pass on the card number of the card (including a tokenised reference)49 that
the payer used in relation to the Merchant Payment.50
12.4 Value Transfer is not a Merchant Payment
After receiving the instruction, if the Value Transfer is not a Merchant Payment, we will be required by
the Travel Rule to:
Prescribed information
Information to 1. the payer information, including the payerʼs full name, and one or more
collect of the following:
47 AML/CTF Act, s 64.
48 AML/CTF Act, ss 64(2)(a) and 64(2)(b); AML/CTF Rules, r 8-8(5).
49 AML/CTF Rules, r 1-4.
50 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3.
14

Prescribed information
○ a unique Customer identification number given to the payer
by the ordering institution;
○ a unique identifier for the payer;
○ if the payer is an individual—the payerʼs date and place of
birth;
○ the payerʼs full business or residential address (not being a
post box) 51
Note: We are not required to re-collect information on the payer if we
have:
● previously collected the information as part of our Customer due
diligence, or from a previous Transfer of Value; and
● no reason to doubt the adequacy or truth of this information.
2. the payeeʼs full name
Information to verify The payer information.52
Note: no separate step may need to be undertaken if we have
otherwise done this as part of our ICDD or OCDD processes.
Information to pass 1. the payer information, as collected and verified in accordance with this
on section;
2. the payeeʼs full name, as collected in accordance with this section;
3. tracing information for the payer, which is information that allows us to
identify the account of the payer, such as:
○ an account number, or
○ a unique transaction reference number; and
4. tracing information for the payee, which is information that allows the
Beneficiary Institution to identify the payeeʼs account, such as:
○ the account number for the payeeʼs account, or
○ a unique transaction reference number.53
12.5 Timing to pass on information
If the Transfer Message for the Value Transfer does not give effect to the Value Transfer then, the
Transfer Message must be passed on before, or at the same time as, the Ordering Institution gives
effect to the Value Transfer.
12.6 Request to provide information
As an Ordering Institution, Afterpay NZ must pass on the information set out in sections 12.3 and 12.4
to the next institution in the Value Transfer Chain:
● as soon as practicable after receiving a request from the institution; and54
● in any case, within 3 business days after receiving sufficient information from the other
institution to process the request.55
51 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(a).
52 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(b).
53 AML/CTF Rules, r 1-4.
54 AML/CTF Act, s 64(5).
55 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-17(2) and (3).
15

12.7 Exemption from the Travel Rule
Travel Rule obligations under the AML/CTF Laws do not apply to transfers of money or property
within a single overseas country or within the European Economic Area if the:
● foreign country where the Value Transfer Designated Service is being provided has
implemented laws relating to the travel rule; and
● Value Transfer service complies with these foreign travel rule laws.56
However, while the Travel Rule under the AML/CTF Laws does not apply, these services are still
Designated Services. We must still comply with other AML/CTF obligations that apply to Designated
Services through foreign branches and subsidiaries, such as Customer due diligence.
Section E Reporting
13. AML compliance reports
AML Compliance Reports
Section 47 of the AML/CTF Act requires us to lodge annual compliance reports with
AUSTRAC, in an approved form and containing such information as is required, in
accordance with the AML/CTF Rules.
We are required to lodge annual compliance reports with Annually.
AUSTRAC each calendar year.
The lodgement period
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will consult with the Senior is between 1 January
Managers, other management and other relevant Personnel to and 31 March or as
prepare and submit the annual AUSTRAC compliance reports in otherwise advised by
the first quarter of each calendar year in respect of activities AUSTRAC.
undertaken in the previous calendar year and will lodge these
with AUSTRAC as required. These will be lodged via AUSTRACʼs
electronic portal.
Prior to lodging the AML/CTF compliance report with AUSTRAC,
the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must notify the Governing
Body of any circumstances brought to the attention of the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer which would lead him or her to
believe that we have not complied with the Act or these Policies.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must then provide
confirmation to the Governing Body that the AML/CTF
compliance report has been submitted to AUSTRAC, including a
summary of its contents and any matters relevant for noting as
soon as possible after the report has been lodged with
AUSTRAC.
56 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-7.
16

Afterpay NZʼs AML/CTF compliance report must be lodged online
at https://online.austrac.gov.au.
14. Preventing tipping off
14.1 Tipping off offence
Subject to certain limited exceptions, it is an offence under section 123 of the AML/CTF Act to
disclose Restricted Information to anyone outside of AUSTRAC, if the disclosure of the Restricted
Information would, or could reasonably be expected to, prejudice an investigation (whether or not
such an investigation has commenced):
● of an offence against a law of the Commonwealth or of a State or Territory;
● for the purposes of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 Cth or regulations under that Act; or
● for the purposes of a law of a State or Territory law that corresponds to the Proceeds of Crime
Act 2002 Cth or regulations under that Act.
This is known as the “tipping offˮ offence. The tipping off offence may be committed by the following
persons (current or former):
● a Reporting Entity;
● an officer, employee or agent of a Reporting Entity;
● a person that has been required to give information or produce documents under section 491
or section 49B1 of the AML/CTF Act.
14.2 Exceptions
The tipping off offence does not apply if the disclosure is made to another Reporting Entity and the
disclosure is made for the purpose of detecting, deterring or disrupting ML/TF/PF or other serious
crimes, subject to conditions which may be prescribed in the AML/CTF Rules being satisfied.57
14.3 Controls to manage tipping off risk
We have established safeguards to prevent the contravention of the tipping off offence by us or our
officers, employees or agents.
We implement the following protocols that reduce the risk of tipping off:
● information regarding SMRs is not accessible on the Customerʼs file and is only to be
provided to persons within our organisation, other than the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or
the appointed Senior Manager, where it is determined that they need to know that information
to fulfil the requirements of their role;
● no information described above is to be provided to any third party unless AML/CTF
Compliance Officer has first confirmed that it is permissible under one of the exemptions
under subsections 1234 to 6 of the AML/CTF Act;
● our Personnel must not do anything that would lead a Customer or anyone else (other than
AUSTRAC to believe that a suspicion has been formed or that information has been
communicated to AUSTRAC;
● de-identify any Information that is distributed more widely across our business;
● when discussing trends and insights, disclose generally identified patterns of behaviour
rather than mentioning specific Customers or transactions;
● implement and review audit trails of who accesses Information and when;
57 AML/CTF Act, s 123(5).
17

● use a legally enforceable undertaking to ensure that Information is kept confidential by
employees and any third parties we engage;
● maintain good security practices such as secure electronic document storage, password
protection of documents, secure document destruction of physical copies;
● when sharing information with third parties, we will also consider adopting the following
measures:
○ only disclose information to people that have a genuine need to know;
○ consider what legal obligations apply to third parties in foreign countries that we are
sharing Information with to ensure they are consistent with our obligations under the
AML/CTF Act;
○ consider whether third parties we may share Information with have adopted suitable
controls to prevent tipping off, such as those outlined above; and
○ attach conditions to the further use of Information we provide to third parties to
prevent the Information getting back to the subject.
18

Section F Outsourcing and Record Keeping
15. Record keeping
15.1 Retention of records
In accordance with Part 10 of the AML/CTF Act, we will keep a record, or a copy or extract of the
record of certain kinds of information. This includes (but is not limited to) information related to the
AML/CTF Program and records reasonably necessary to demonstrate our compliance obligations in
connection with the establishment and maintenance of the AML/CTF Program under Part 1A of the
AML/CTF Act.
16. Outsourcing and third-party technology providers
16.1 Engaging with Outsourced Services Providers
With the written approval of a Senior Manager, we may appoint a third-party service provider to
either:
● perform selected obligations under these AML/CTF Policies; or
● provide services for us to comply with parts of our AML/CTF obligations (e.g.,
technology service providers).
19

Section G Matters not dealt with in these AML/CTF Policies
17. Customer Due Diligence
Given that Afterpay NZ is a Reporting Entity only providing Designated Services at or through a
permanent establishment outside Australia, these AML/CTF Policies developed under section 26F of
the AML/CTF Act do not deal with matters relating to customer due diligence, including Initial
Customer Due Diligence and Ongoing Customer Due Diligence.58
18. Financial sanctions
Given that Afterpay NZ is a Reporting Entity only providing Designated Services at or through a
permanent establishment outside Australia, these AML/CTF Policies developed under section 26F of
the AML/CTF Act do not deal with matters relating to Customer due diligence.59
19. Personnel due diligence and training
Given that Afterpay NZ is a Reporting Entity only providing Designated Services at or through a
permanent establishment outside Australia, these AML/CTF Policies developed under section 26F of
the AML/CTF Act do not deal with matters relating to Personnel due diligence.60
20. Suspicious matter, threshold transaction and value transfer
service reporting
Given that Afterpay NZ is a Reporting Entity only providing Designated Services at or through a
permanent establishment outside Australia, the obligations to report suspicious matters61, threshold
transactions62 and international value transfer services do not apply to Afterpay NZ.63 These AML/CTF
Policies do not deal with those matters.
58 AML/CTF Act, s26F(3)(b).
59 AML/CTF Act, s26F(3)(e), AML/CTF Rules, r 5-3.
60 AML/CTF Act, ss26F(4)(d) and 26F(4)(e).
61 AML/CTF Act, Part 3, Division 2.
62 AML/CTF Act, Part 3, Division 3.
63 AML/CTF Act, Part 3, Division 4.
20

Section H Definitions
21. Definitions
The meanings of capitalised terms used in this document are set out below.
Term Meaning
Personnel means any persons employed or engaged by us, and who perform,
or will perform, functions relevant to our obligations under the
AML/CTF Act.
AML/CTF means anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing.
AML/CTF Act Means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Act 2006 Cth
AML/CTF Compliance means the individual designated as the AML/CTF compliance officer.
Officer The name of each AML/CTF Compliance Officer is set out in
Schedule 3.
AML/CTF Laws means the following:
● the AML/CTF Act
● the AML/CTF Rules;
● the Class Exemptions Rules;
● and any other rules and regulations made under the AML/CTF
Act from time to time.
AML/CTF Program means the ML/TF Risk Assessment and these AML/CTF Policies.
AML/CTF Rules means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Rules 2025 Cth AML/CTF Rules).
AUSTRAC the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre, which is
Australiaʼs anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing
regulator and financial intelligence unit.
Beneficiary Institution means a beneficiary institution as defined in section 63A of the
AML/CTF Act and rule 82 of the AML/CTF Rules.
Class Exemption Rules means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Rules Class Exemptions and Other Matters) Rules 2007.
Customer means a person who has or intends to receive Designated Services
from Afterpay NZ.
Customer Due Diligence or means Initial Customer Due Diligence and Ongoing Customer Due
CDD Diligence.
Designated Services the designated services in Schedule 2 to the AML/CTF Policies.
ECDD or Enhanced is the process set out in section 1 in accordance with section 31 of
Customer Due Diligence the AML/CTF Act.
21

Term Meaning
Governing Body the governing body of Afterpay NZ is the relevant group of
individuals with primary responsibility for the governance and
executive decisions of Afterpay NZ, i.e. its board of directors.
Initial Customer Due means the processes developed in accordance with section 28 of
Diligence or ICDD the AML/CTF Act.
KYC means “Know your Customerˮ.
KYC Information means know-your-client information about a Customer.
Merchant Payment has the meaning given to the term in rule 14 of the AML/CTF Rules.
ML/TF/PF money laundering ML and terrorism financing TF and proliferation
financing PF.
ML/TF Risk Assessment the assessment of the ML/TF/PF Risk that Afterpay NZ reasonably
faces in providing Designated Services.
OCDD or Ongoing means the processes developed in accordance with section 30 of
Customer Due Diligence the AML/CTF Act.
Ordering Institution means an ordering institution as defined in section 63A of the
AML/CTF Act and rule 81 of the AML/CTF Rules.
Ordering Institution Value means an item 29 Designated Service in table 1 of section 62 of the
Transfer Service AML/CTF Act.
Outsourced Service means any third party engaged by Afterpay NZ to provide services
Provider that may be used in connection with these AML/CTF Policies as
described in section 16.
Reporting Entity has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as
either:
● a person who provides a designated service; or
● the lead entity of a reporting group.
Restricted Information means:
● subject to certain limited exceptions, Afterpay NZ has given
AUSTRAC, or is required to give to AUSTRAC, an SMR;
● that an SMR has been given or prepared for AUSTRAC, or a
copy of such report;
● a document purporting to set out information (including the
formation or existence of a submission) contained in an
SMR;
● that a person is or has been required to give information, or
produce a document, to a person in response to a notice
issued under section 49 of the AML/CTF Act, or that it has
given the required information or document;
● that a person is or has been required to give information, or
produce a document, to a person in response to a notice
issued under section 49B of the AML/CTF Act, or that it has
given the required information or document; or
22

Term Meaning
● information referred to in paragraph 165Aa, (b), or (c) or
5AAa or (b) of the Financial Transaction Reports Act
1988, as in force immediately before its repeal.
Senior Manager of a Reporting Entity, means an individual who makes, or participates
in making, decisions that affect the whole, or a substantial part, of
the business of the Reporting Entity.
SMR or Suspicious Matter a report of a Suspicion made in accordance with section 41 of the
Report AML/CTF Act.
Transfer Message has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as, for a
Transfer of Value, a message that contains information relating to the
content of the payerʼs instruction for the Transfer of Value, but does
not include a message of a kind specified in the AML/CTF Rules.
Transfer of Value or Value has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as a
Transfer transfer of money, virtual assets or property, but does not include:
● a transfer of physical currency or other tangible property; or
● a transfer of a kind specified in the AML/CTF Rules.
Travel Rule means the travel rules that apply to an Ordering Institution,
Beneficiary Institution or intermediary institution that are set out in
rules 83 to 85 of the AML/CTF Rules.
Value Transfer Chain has the meaning given to the term in section 63A11 of the AML/CTF
Act.
Schedule 1 ML/TF Risk Assessment – summary
Afterpayʼs Annual Risk Assessment ARA was finalised at the end of 2025. It was performed to
evaluate the risk that Afterpay NZ products and services will be used to launder money, engage in
Terrorist Financing, Proliferation Financing or support activity in contravention of sanctions rules,
including the risks inherent in Afterpay NZʼs business, and the effectiveness of Afterpay NZʼs control
environment in mitigating those risks. Afterpay NZ implements a range of risk management strategies
and controls to mitigate ML/TF and Sanctions-related risks. This assessment provides insights into
the organisationʼs risk exposure and control effectiveness to highlight areas of strength and identify
areas where potential enhancements are needed to its compliance program.
Risk Assessment Results
The 2025 Annual Risk Assessment yielded an overall risk rating of Moderate for both ML/TF and
Sanctions. This assessment considered both inherent risk and control effectiveness across Afterpay
NZʼs operations.
The overall ML/TF results for Afterpay NZ are as follows:
Table 1 ML/TF Result Summary
23

Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Moderate Partially Mitigated Moderate
The overall Sanctions results for Afterpay are as follows:
Table 2 Sanctions Result Summary
Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Moderate Partially Mitigated Moderate
Summary of ML/TF and Sanctions Inherent Risk:
Table 3 Inherent Risk Rating by Risk Category
Inherent Risk Category ML/TF Risk Sanctions Risk
Customer Moderate Moderate
Distribution Channels Moderate Moderate
Emerging Low Low
Geographic Moderate Moderate
Organisational High High
Products and Services Moderate Moderate
Important points to note:
● Approximately 13.90% of Afterpay NZ merchants operate in industries that pose a higher risk
for money laundering, terrorist financing, sanctions or proliferation financing. Of the 13.90%
of Merchants, there is a cohort that have not had an assigned category of ‘Prohibitedʼ,
‘Restrictedʼ or ‘Approvedʼ categories, as per Afterpayʼs Merchant Category Policy. That
cohort has been rated conservatively as high risk for the purposes of this risk assessment.
● 18.62% of merchants are considered to have complex legal entity structures (i.e., trusts,
partnerships, corporations).
● Approximately 57.13% of Afterpay NZ customers (including both merchants and consumers)
appear not to have been verified which poses a higher risk for money laundering, terrorist
financing, or sanctions violations. The majority of the non-verified cohort relate to NZ
Consumers. More details about this is provided in the Customer Risk section.
● Afterpay NZ does not operate physical branches or has face-to-face interactions as part of
its standard business model. It deals with its consumer customers directly through digital
24

channels only. The non face-to-face delivery model of the product heightens the risk of
ML/TF, which heightens the distribution channels risk.
● New AML/CFT regulatory reforms were announced for 2023 - 2025 and new processes have
been implemented as the new regulations were going into effect.
● The risk associated with rapid growth in GPV was assessed as “Very Highˮ, which
contributed to the overall Organizational risk score to “Highˮ due to increased pressures
related to the complexity and scale of compliance operations, while FTE has not kept in step
with the rapid growth.
● Afterpay's Compliance Operations, along with the overall functionalisation of Compliance,
has introduced unnecessary complexity, slowed down decision-making, and led to unclear
roles and responsibilities, including gaps.
Summary of the Control Environment:
Table 4 Distribution of Controls by Control Effectiveness Rating
Assessment Effective Needs Weak Control Gap
Improvement
AML/CTF 53% 43% 2% 2%
Sanctions 39% 52% 5% 5%
Control gaps impacting Afterpay NZ were identified for the following controls and processes:
Sanctions Program
Afterpay NZ does not have a formal process in place to handle the freezing of assets identified as
prohibited by NZ sanctions regulations, specifically moving the frozen funds to a segregated account
or formally documenting the process to move funds in a procedure. Of note is that the likelihood of
dealing with assets of a sanctioned individual or making funds available to sanctioned
persons/entities is very low due to the nature of the products.
The source of funds associated with Afterpayʼs BNPL Consumers are generally the debit or credit
cards that are used to fund repayment of loans for Afterpayʼs BNPL product. The New Zealand
banks/financial institutions and card issuers who extend those debit or credit cards to these same
BNPL consumers are subject to AML/CFT and Sanctions regulations in the markets they operate, i.e.
New Zealand, which includes the completion of KYC and Sanctions screening processes on those
holders.
While Afterpay does not technically rely on the KYC or Sanctions processes of those banks/financial
funds are generally not anonymous sources and are limited to domestic institutions, Afterpay has
concluded that this generally reduces Sanctions risk.
Audit and Internal Testing
Quality Control Processes are in place for alert decisioning and SMR Reporting, however no brand
level QA program was rolled out by Block for Afterpay in 2024. Of note is that in Q2 2024, Global
Compliance Monitoring & Testing GCMT performed a transactional review over Afterpayʼs
operational processing of AML/CFT and Sanctions Alerts for consumers and merchants, including
assessing effectiveness of controls in place.
25

Schedule 2 Designated Services
No. Designated Services under section 6 of the AML/CTF Act
Providing the Designated Service at or through a permanent establishment of Afterpay NZ in
Australia
1. Items 1 table 1 (opening an account as a credit card issuer)
2. Item 3, table 1 (allowing transactions in an account as a credit card issuer)
3. Item 6, table 1 (making a loan, where the loan is made in the course of carrying on a
loans business)
4. Item 7, table 1 (in the capacity of lender for a loan or assignee of the lender for a loan,
allowing the borrower to conduct a transaction in relation to a loan, where the loan was
made in the course of carrying on loans business)
5. Item 29, table 1 (in the capacity of ordering institution, accepting an instruction for the
transfer of value on behalf of a payer).
26

Schedule 3 Afterpay NZ Senior Managers and AML/CTF
Compliance Officer
AML/CTF Compliance Officer
1.
Afterpay NZ has appointed the following person as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer:
Evlambia Ishak Preferred name: Eve Ishak]
Senior Managers
2.
Afterpay NZ has appointed the following individuals to the role of Senior Manager with approval
authorities set out below. The Senior Manager may exercise their approval authority alone and does
not need to obtain the authority of any other individual provided the relevant approval is within the
scope of their authority.
Senior Manager Authority
1. Martina Kann May approve:
● the AML/CTF Policies;
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment
and changes to these.
May approve any of the ongoing matters requiring
approval as set out in section 5.3 of the AML/CTF
Policies.
27