Know Your Customer Policy
Cash App US
Last Approved: Feb 19, 2026
Effective Date: Feb 19, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: The KYC Policy (“Policyˮ) is established by Cash App, U.S., a Line of
Business under Block, Inc., and documents how Cash App knows the identity of its customers,
understands the nature and purpose of customer relationships to develop a customer risk profile,
reasonably predicts the types of transactions that a customer is likely to engage in, and determines
when transactions are potentially suspicious. Cash App is required to adopt and implement a
comprehensive KYC program to identify customers who may present a higher risk for money
laundering, terrorist financing, reputational concern, and other types of illegal activity.
This Policy is established by Cash App Compliance. References to “staffˮ throughout this
document shall refer to all full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including
interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose
of this Policy is to document Cash Appʼs requirements and framework for satisfying relevant KYC
compliance obligations, and is intended to be supplemented by additional Policies, Standards, and
Procedures where necessary. Further, it provides policy requirements around identity verification,
risk-based due diligence and cadence, and periodic KYC reviews. Know Your Customer KYC
compliance is integral in the prevention of identity theft, money laundering, terrorist financing, and
other types of illegal activity, and begins with understanding a customerʼs identity and assessing
the risks associated with the customer. Cash App employs a risk-based approach in order to form
a reasonable belief that it knows the true identity of each customer.
Scope: The Bank Secrecy Act, as amended and supplemented by the USA Patriot Act and other
laws (collectively, the “BSAˮ), obligates covered financial institutions to implement anti-money
laundering programs reasonably designed to prevent the institutions from being used to facilitate
money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities. An essential component of a compliant
AML program are policies and procedures designed to ensure the financial institution knows its
customer. Therefore, the KYC Policy includes Cash Appʼs requirements for knowing and verifying
the identity of customers, understanding the nature and purpose of customer relationships for the
purpose of developing a customer risk profile, and conducting ongoing monitoring to identify and
report suspicious transactions and, maintaining and updating customer information. Because Cash
App engages in the transmission of funds, it is covered by the BSAʼs definition of “financial
institutionˮ and subject to BSA requirements, including KYC requirements.

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Account The structure that is used by Cash App customers to log in, manage
their personal information, and send or receive money or engage in
other transactions.
Bank Secrecy Act Passed in 1970 and amended several times, a U.S. law requiring
financial institutions to assist U.S. government agencies in detecting
and preventing money laundering.
Customer A natural or juridical person that opens an account and receives Cash
App products and services, or a person opening a new account for
someone who lacks the legal capacity. A customer must receive
services to be subject to the KYC Policy.
Customer Due Diligence The information and documentation maintained by Cash App on its
CDD or Enhanced Due accounts, customers, or relationships.
Diligence EDD Profile
Financial Institution Each agent, agency, branch, or office within the U.S. of any person
doing business in one or more capacity as a bank, a broker or dealer
in securities, a money service business, a casino, a commodities
broker or dealer, among other things.
Know Your Customer A legal requirement designed to prevent and monitor for identity
KYC theft, money laundering, terrorist financing, and other types of illegal
activity by identifying customers and understanding the purpose of
customer accounts.
Money Service Business Any person doing business, whether or not on a regular basis or as
an organized business concern, in one or more of the following
capacities: dealer in foreign exchange, check casher, issuer or seller
of traveler's checks or money orders, provider or seller of prepaid
access, a money transmitter, and the U.S. Postal Service. Note that
exemptions may apply.
USA Patriot Act Passed in 2001, this amendment to the Bank Secrecy Act was
enacted to deter and punish terrorist acts in the United States and
around the world, to enhance law enforcement investigatory tools,
and other purposes which include measures to prevent, detect, and
prosecute international money laundering and financing of terrorism;
to require all appropriate elements of the financial services industry
to report potential money laundering; and to strengthen measures to
prevent use of the U.S. financial system for personal gain by corrupt

Terminology Definition
foreign officials and facilitate repatriation of stolen assets to the
citizens of countries to whom such assets belong.
Staff All full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers
including interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers,
and contractors
2. Policy/Program Requirements
2.1 Customer Identification Program CIP
A CIP is a foundational component of AML programs and requirements, as it allows financial
institutions to form a reasonable belief that the institution knows the identity of its customers. This
requirement applies specifically to customers, which includes, 1 an individual who opens a new
account, and 2 an individual who opens a new account for an individual who lacks legal capacity,
such as a minor or an entity that is not a legal person. Additional exceptions may apply, for
example, when a customer maintains a Restricted Account.
2.1.1 Customer Identity Verification
Cash App's CIP must include written, risk-based procedures for verifying the identity of each
customer to the extent reasonable, practicable, and where required by this Policy. Verification may
be conducted through documentary or through non-documentary methods. A combination of
documentary and non-documentary verification may be required for higher-risk relationships or to
access certain products and features.
Customers who want access to certain products and features, to send money from their stored
balance, or who want to access higher payment limits are required to pass identity verification
IDV. Where identity verification is required, Cash App will obtain the following:
Personal Account
● Legal name;
● Date of birth;
● Social Security Number;
● Physical address; and,
● In some cases, unexpired government ID (required for document identity verification) and
selfie.
Business Account
● Business name;
● Business structure;

● Business category;
● Business address;
● Employer Identification Number EIN, if used as their taxpayer identification number ITIN
If identity verification is required, and the customer either has not provided the necessary
information to affirm their identity, or Cash App is not able to affirm the customer's identity with the
information provided, Cash App will continue to restrict the customer's access to certain products,
features, and higher limits, as well as the ability to send from stored balance. Cash App may also
end its relationship with the customer based on information provided during IDV.
2.1.2 Lack of Verification
Cash App must establish procedures for circumstances in which it cannot form a reasonable belief
that it knows the true identity of a customer. At a minimum, these procedures must describe:
● Circumstances in which Cash App should not open an account or should exit the
relationship with the customer;
● The terms under which a customer may use an account while Cash App attempts to verify
the customer's identity;
● When Cash App should close an account after attempts to verify a customer's identity have
failed; and,
● When Cash App should file a suspicious activity report SAR or similar applicable reports
with a bank partner.
2.1.3 Adequate Customer Notice
Cash App is required to provide customers with adequate notice that Cash App is requesting
information to verify their identity. The notice must generally describe Cash App's identification
requirements and be provided in a manner that is reasonably designed to allow a customer to view
the notice or otherwise receive the notice before the account is opened.
2.2 Customer Risk Rating
Cash App recognizes that customers who pose higher risks for money laundering or terrorist
financing present increased exposure. Accordingly, Cash App has developed machine
learning-based models, the Activation Customer Risk Rating (aCRR) and the Continuous Customer
Risk Rating (cCRR), to risk score accounts. New accounts must receive a risk score at onboarding,
as well as continuously throughout their lifecycle on the platform. Based on the account risk score,
accounts are assigned a risk rating of high, medium, or low. Additionally, there are criteria that will
override the machine learning model score to "high" which will result in the customer receiving
EDD on an ongoing basis. The additional criteria include association with high risk adverse media,
high risk PEP, or certain high risk Merchant Category Code MCC exposure. The purpose of
customer risk rating is to understand account populations with elevated risk exposure, and to
identify accounts and customers who pose a higher risk to Cash App and therefore may require
enhanced due diligence or enhanced monitoring.
Accounts and customers should be monitored in a manner that is commensurate with the level of
risk the account poses to Cash App. If the risk profile of the relationship changes, reasonable

measures must be in place to update its risk rating. The cCRR model generates risk scores for
active accounts weekly using updated data signals based on account and customer activity.
2.3 Customer Due Diligence CDD
CDD must be performed on accounts and customers that have moderate and low money
laundering, terrorist financing, and financial crimes risk exposure, as determined through the
customer risk scoring models. The objective of CDD is to enable Cash App to understand the
nature and purpose of customer relationships, which may include understanding the types of
transactions in which a customer is likely to engage. CDD supports Cash App's efforts to collect
information to understand the customer's identity and AML-related risks posed by a customer's
account. Cash App has implemented automated and manual processes to obtain information about
its customers to reasonably understand their identity. Cash App's identity verification process uses
both automated and manual methods to collect information about a customer and verify their
identity. Additionally, manual due diligence reviews are performed on certain accounts and
customers to obtain additional information through open source research and third-party vendor
systems.
2.3.1 Data Collection
Cash App requires, at a minimum, the collection of the below data elements to open an account:
● Legal name;
● Date of birth
● Phone number or email address;
● ZIP code
● PIN and,
● $Cashtag.
For certain Cash App products and features, CDD requirements are satisfied through the data
collection process. Manual CDD may be performed as required by applicable regulations or as
determined based on the risk exposure of the product or feature. The CDD review must, at
minimum, involve the following:
● Review of CIP information and documentation;
● Review of transactional trends; and,
● Open source searches on the customer.
Where applicable, CDD should be completed within a reasonable time after the account or
customer has onboarded to the platform, and on an ongoing basis.
2.3.2 Compliance Screening
Cash App is required to maintain a program for compliance screening which includes screening for
sanctions and adverse media. Cash App employs a risk-based approach to compliance screening,
taking into account regulatory requirements, jurisdictional guidance, and other factors as needed.
Customer names are screened for sanctions at onboarding and daily thereafter. Additional related
parties to a customer or relationship may be screened in accordance with regulatory requirements

and internal policy. High sanctions or financial crime risk identified through compliance screening
may require additional investigation or EDD, including referral to another department (e.g. Global
Sanctions and Financial Crimes).
Ad-hoc screening of the customer population may take place under special circumstances and at
the direction of Compliance leadership. Scheduled batch sanctions, PEP, and adverse media
screening may take place during periodic reviews within internal systems.
Compliance screening lists are maintained with the Global Policy and Governance team and are
subject to change at the direction of that team or Compliance leadership.
2.3.3 Ongoing CDD
Cash App refreshes CDD information when the business unit becomes aware of a material change
to the customer's CDD profile (i.e., legal name). Cash App uses automated and manual processes
to obtain updated customer information. A CDD refresh may be triggered by a specific event or
based on a time-bound (scheduled) risk assessment of the customer base. Event-based triggers
may include:
● Change in cCRR score;
● Material unexplained changes to the customer's account activity; or,
● Access to certain products and features.
CDD information is refreshed for active accounts and customers. A material change to the
customer's CDD profile triggers identity verification and compliance screening. During the refresh,
medium and low risk customers may be subject to a manual due diligence review and
documentation and verification refreshes as required.
2.4 Enhanced Due Diligence EDD
Some customers pose higher risk of money laundering, terrorist financing, reputational, or other
financial crimes-related risk. Cash App uses EDD measures and other controls to mitigate risk
exposure associated with high-risk accounts and relationships, to evaluate whether the
relationship will be retained, and to determine the measures required to appropriately manage the
risk. A customer may be considered high risk based on the customer risk rating, or the presence of
an override. Special circumstances may require EDD regardless of risk rating to appropriately
mitigate risk exposure. In these circumstances, EDD measures may be leveraged at the discretion
of Compliance leadership.
If a manual EDD review is required, the EDD review must, at minimum, involve review of the
following:
● CIP information or documentation;
● Transactional trends;
● Linked financial instrument activity;
● Open source searches on the customer and top counterparties;
● Adverse media/Google search; and,

● Source of funds SoF or source of wealth SoW confirmation (if applicable).
Where applicable, EDD should be completed within a reasonable time after the customer has
onboarded onto the platform, and on an ongoing basis.
2.4.1 Politically Exposed Person PEP
PEPs are often viewed as higher risk based on the potential risk that their funds may have derived
from or involve foreign corruption, bribery, terrorist financing, or money laundering. Immediate
family members or close associates of PEPs may pose a similar elevated risk as they may be used
to conceal misappropriated funds. Cash App employs a risk-based approach to PEP monitoring
and has documented procedures for PEP determination and ongoing monitoring for high-risk PEP
exposure.
PEPs are categorized and defined as:
● Domestic PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted domestically US with
prominent public functions.
● Foreign PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted with prominent public functions
by a foreign (non-US) country.
● International Organization PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted with a
prominent function by an international organization.
● Family Member: Individuals who are related to a PEP either directly or through marriage or
similar (civil) forms of partnerships.
● Close Associates: Individuals who are closely connected to a PEP, either socially or
professionally.
If a domestic PEP (including a family member or close associate) is identified on the platform
during the normal course of compliance review, the account is subject to due diligence in
accordance with KYC review processes. If a foreign PEP or international organization PEP (family
member or close associate) is identified on the platform, the account will be escalated for an EDD
review, and a determination must be made as to whether to continue the business relationship with
the customer. Approval from the Head of Customer Onboarding and Management or their designee
is required to maintain a business relationship with any individual identified as a high risk PEP.
Confirmed PEPs are subject to ongoing EDD monitoring which may include:
● Reaching out to the customer to confirm SoF or SoW information;
● Adverse media screening; or,
● Transactional review of the customer's activity.
2.4.2 Adverse Media Escalations
Cash App recognizes that information external to the Cash App platform may contribute to a
customer's elevated level of money laundering, terrorist financing, reputational, and financial
crimes risk exposure. This information can be uncovered through adverse media screening
resources and third-party vendor systems. Cash App employs a risk-based approach to adverse
media screening; high-risk customers are subject to adverse media screening. Medium and low

risk customers with increased transactional activity will also be subject to adverse media
screening. So that Cash App is aware of this exposure, and to appropriately mitigate this risk, EDD
measures are documented and used to confirm customers with adverse media are not engaging in
behavior of high-reputational risk or financial crimes on the platform. Information identified through
adverse media screening may require referral to the Financial Crimes team for investigation and
reporting, or to the Reputation and Brand Risk Committee to confirm if the relationship requires
denylisting.
2.4.3 Ongoing EDD
Cash App refreshes EDD information when the business unit becomes aware of a material change
to the customer's EDD profile (i.e., legal name). Cash App uses automated and manual processes
to obtain updated customer information. An EDD refresh may be triggered by a specific event or
based on a time-bound (scheduled) risk assessment of the customer base. Event based triggers
may include:
● Change in the cCRR score;
● Material unexplained changes to the customer's account activity; or,
● Access to certain products and features.
EDD information is refreshed for active accounts and customers. A material change to the
customer's EDD profile will also trigger identity verification and compliance screening. During the
refresh, high-risk customers may be subject to a manual due diligence review, including
documentation refresh, if required, and an adverse media search.
2.5 KYC Refresh
The KYC Refresh ("Refresh") process enables Cash App to maintain updated information in
support of holistic and comprehensive ongoing monitoring of Cash App customers. The Refresh
may take place as part of a time-bound (scheduled) periodic review, as a result of a specified
event, or under special circumstances and at the discretion of business or Compliance leadership.
The customer's risk rating (through the cCRR determines the cadence and nature of the Refresh
requirements. Refresh processes involve automated and manual diligence to ensure updated
information and documentation has been obtained, verification of the customer has been
refreshed (as needed), and a due diligence review has been conducted. Certain populations may
be exempt from part or all of the KYC Refresh processes as determined by the business or
Compliance leadership and in accordance with the policy exemption process.
2.5.1 Documentation Refresh & Updated Verification
Identification documentation that was valid at the time of onboarding, or at the time that the
documentation was subsequently obtained, does not need to be updated upon expiration, except if
there has been a material (i.e. name) change to the CDD or EDD profile, there is a regulatory
requirement to obtain updated documentation upon expiration, or at the discretion of Cash App.
When updated identification documentation must be provided, the new document(s) must be
unexpired.
Additional information and documentation in the customer's CDD or EDD profile may require
refresh during the scheduled periodic review. During this review, customer information such as

legal name and address should be confirmed as current and accurate. A material change, such as
a legal name change, will require a refresh of the customer's identity verification through
documentary methods. Documentation such as SoF/SoW validation should be confirmed as
current and accurate during refresh. If documentation is inaccurate or outdated, updated
documentation may be obtained.
Information and Documentation Refresh Matrix
Risk Rating Frequency Information Verification Documentation
Refresh Refresh Refresh
High 1 year ✓ Name Change ✓
Medium 3 years ✓ Name Change ✓
Low 5 years ✓ Name Change ✓
A verification refresh is required when Cash App becomes aware of a customer's legal name
change. Additionally, verification refresh may be required when there is reason to believe that the
identity credentials on file are inaccurate or invalid, at the direction of Compliance leadership, or in
accordance with regulatory requirements. This refresh process is not required at any set cadence
for customers who have verified through electronic methods.
2.5.2 Due Diligence Review Refresh
A periodic due diligence review is triggered if an account meets the below criteria:
● The account is an active account with a high risk rating, and a compliance review has not
been conducted within 1 year;
● The account is an active account with a medium risk rating, and a compliance review has
not been conducted within 3 years; or,
● The account is an active account with a low risk rating, and a compliance review has not
been conducted within 5 years.
The scope of the due diligence review is dependent upon the risk rating. During review, specialists
assess customer specific attributes and data, transactional behavior patterns and activity, linked
financial instrument activity, and web presence to better understand the nature and purpose of the
account, as well as expected account activity. High risk accounts may receive enhanced due
diligence, inclusive of a manual negative news Google search, and a holistic review of the
customer's identity and behavior patterns. Medium and low risk reviews may include diligence on
updated identity documentation and a negative news search. During periodic due diligence,
updated information, documentation, and verification should be reviewed for completeness and
consistency.

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities:
● Compliance: Provides oversight and guidance to Business Lines in implementing the
requirements of this Policy
● Legal Counsel: Provides interpretive advice and counsel regarding the applicability of the
requirements of this Policy and relevant legal obligations to the Company's business and
operational activities
● Compliance Operations: Compliance Operations consists of multiple teams, responsible
for the following operations in alignment with this Policy:
○ Reviewing accounts and customer profile and associated transactions that may
result in a determination of a terms of service violation, or high risk behavior (e.g.
KYC concern) which may result in denylisting or referral to another department, as
applicable.
○ Reviewing customer profile and associated transactions that may result in a
determination of suspicious activity, which may result in denylisting and filing SARs
as applicable.
● Customer Onboarding & Appeals Program Lead: The Customer Onboarding & Appeals
program lead is responsible for:
○ Ownership of this policy,
○ Ensuring appropriate implementation of this Policy across the organization,
○ Ensuring that appropriate Staff Members are trained on KYC requirements annually
and commensurate with their roles and responsibilities
● Block Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ): The CCO is responsible for:
○ Establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that Company operations
reflect the Company's commitment to compliance,
○ Monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy. As appropriate, the CCO
may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures
and reporting that support this Policy.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints

3.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
Information and documentation relating to a customer's CIP, CDD, or EDD profile must be
maintained in the business system of record in accordance with regulatory record retention
requirements and internal policy. In general, the BSA requires Cash App to maintain most records
for at least five years.
3.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Cash App U.S. Know Your Customer Program Standard
● Cash App U.S. Know Your Business Program Standard
● Cash App U.S. Identity Verification Program Standard

5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Derek Kelley Product Creation Owned the May 19, 2023
Compliance Customer
Manager Identification
Program (CIP)
Policy | Cash App
| Lending which is
being retired and
consolidated with
a draft KYC
Policy.
Adrian Gardner Head of Creation Created the draft May 19, 2023
Customer KYC Policy that
Onboarding and has been merged
Management with the
Customer
Identification
Program (CIP)
Policy | Cash App
| Lending.
Sandy Zanaty Global Creation Merged the May 19, 2023
Compliance existing
Policy Manager Customer
Identification
Program (CIP)
Policy | Cash App
| Lending with
the draft KYC
Policy.
Submitting to
Cash App team
approvers for
review.
Adrian Gardner Head of Material Ch… Major uplift of June 26, 2023
Customer the document to
Onboarding and include
Management additional details
specific to CDD,
EDD, KYC

Approver Title Type Description Date
Refresh, record
retention.
Tyler Hand Cash App Head Initial Appr… July 8, 2023
of Compliance
Sydney Nam Block Policy Immaterial … Updated October 16, 2023
Governance template.
Coordinator
Adrian Gardner Head of Immaterial … Updated KYC Mar 15, 2024
Customer Refresh eIDV
Onboarding and requirements in
Management alignment with
updated
Jason Liberman Head of Cash Scheduled … approach Jan 15, 2025
App Compliance
Compliance Compliance Scheduled … Inclusion of ITIN February 26,
Policy Committee Policy Committee for IDV process 2026
Document Details:
Business Cash App
Scope US
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Cash App Head of Customer Onboarding and
Management
Approved By Cash App Head of Compliance
Document Tier Tier 2