Credit Card Bank Secrecy
Act/Anti-Money Laundering
& Countering the Financing
of Terrorism Program
Standard
Square | Square Capital, LLC
February 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Square Capital,
LLC and on a need-to-know basis.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 2

Confidential
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 8
4. AML Program Pillars 8
5. Designation of a BSA/AML Compliance Officer 9
5.1 Square Capital, LLC Board of Managers 9
6. Internal Policies, Procedures, and Controls 10
6.1 Risk Assessment 11
7. AML Training and Awareness 13
7.1 Mandatory Enterprise-Wide Training 14
7.2 Role-Specific Training 14
7.3 Specialist Compliance Training 14
7.4 Board Training 14
7.5 Training Procedures and Records 14
8. Independent Testing and Review 15
9. Customer Due Diligence Program KYC Program) 15
9.1 Know Your Customer Minimum Requirements 15
9.2 Customer Identity Verification Procedures 15
9.3 Notice to Customers of Customer Identity Verification Obligations 16
9.4 Enhanced Due Diligence 16
9.5 Customer Screening Against Government Lists 17
9.6 Beneficial Ownership 17
10. Regulatory Reporting and Document Retention Requirements 18
10.1 Questionable Activity Reports 18
10.2 OFAC Reports 18
10.3 Currency Transaction Reports 19
10.4 314(a) and (b) 20
11. Document Management 20
11.1 Document Owner 20
11.2 Review and Approval 20
12. Exceptions 21
13. Record Retention 21
14. Related Documentation or References 21
15. Revision & Approval History 21
16. Document Details 22
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 3

Confidential
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Anti-Financial Crime A set of regulatory rules (including the BSA, USA PATRIOT Act, CTA, AMLA,
etc.) and investigative techniques aimed at preventing and combating
various illegal activities related to the financial system, including (but not
limited to): Money Laundering; Terrorist Financing; Fraud; Identity Theft;
Corruption; Sanctions Violations; Cybercrime; Tax Evasion.
Bank Secrecy Act The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, also known as the Currency and Foreign
(“BSAˮ) Transactions Reporting Act, is a U.S. law requiring financial institutions in the
United States to assist U.S. government agencies in detecting and preventing
money laundering.
Customer CIP represents the minimum standard of KYC and comprises two elements:
Identification a) the collection of customer information Identity Collection); and b)
Program (“CIPˮ) verification Identity Verification) using reliable and independent sources to
reasonably establish the identity of the customer.
Customer Due Including the minimum standard of CIP, CDD involves the collection and risk-
Diligence (“CDDˮ) based verification of additional information from customers at onboarding,
account setup, or on an ongoing basis.
Enhanced Due EDD includes CDD plus additional collection and/or verification of customer
Diligence (“EDDˮ) information where the risk of the customer is potentially high. Local Laws
may specify circumstances where EDD must be performed and the
measures required.
Know Your KYC includes the process of establishing risk-based controls to reasonably
Customer (“KYCˮ) identify and verify the identity of Blockʼs customers. The term KYC may also
be referred to as Know Your Business KYB when dealing with
non-individual entities or business customers.
Financial Crimes A bureau of the U.S. Department of Treasury that collects and analyzes
Enforcement information about financial transactions in order to combat domestic and
Network (“FinCENˮ) international money laundering, terrorist financing, and other financial
crimes.
Integration As the final stage of money laundering, integration occurs when the criminal
receives the proceeds of what now appear to be legitimate payments. The
criminal can then use the funds as they wish.
Layering As the second stage of money laundering, layering is generally the use of
many complex transactions to obscure the source of the criminal proceeds
and make them appear legitimate.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 4

Confidential
Money Laundering Money laundering is the process of making criminal proceeds ('dirty' money)
appear to have come from a legitimate source ('clean' money). Criminals do
this by moving those proceeds through different entities, accounts and
transactions where the funds are less likely to attract attention but are readily
accessible when required.
Office of Foreign The Office of Foreign Assets Control is a financial intelligence and
Assets Control enforcement agency of the U.S. Department of Treasury. It administers and
(“OFACˮ) enforces economic and trade sanctions in support of U.S. national security
and foreign policy objectives.
Placement As the first stage of money laundering, placement is the introduction of
criminal proceeds into the financial system.
Staff Members Staff Members play a crucial role in the prevention, detection and reporting
of money laundering and terrorist financing violations. Staff Members are
responsible for paying particular attention to customer behavior or
transactions that may be unusual or warrant additional scrutiny, and must not
knowingly provide advice or other assistance to individuals who attempt to
violate laws, regulations, or Blockʼs related policies, standards, or procedures
Terrorist Financing Terrorist financing is the solicitation, collection or delivery of funds to
support terrorist acts or organizations. Unlike money laundering, which
always involves the proceeds of a crime, funds to finance terrorism are often
diverted from legitimate sources. Terrorists may also rely on laundered funds
derived from criminal enterprises.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
BSA/AML The BSA/AML Compliance Officer is responsible for coordinating, managing
Compliance Officer and overseeing this Program. The BSA/AML Compliance Officer may
delegate responsibilities under this Program to the Head of Square
Compliance. See the “Designation of a BSA/AML Compliance Officerˮ
section for further details.
Head of Square The Head of Square Compliance acts as a delegate to the BSA/AML
Compliance Compliance Officer in the day-to-day oversight of this Standard and is the
owner of this Program.
Credit Card Product The Credit Card Product Compliance Manager implements and maintains this
Compliance Standard, including reviewing it annually and making recommendations for
Manager revisions where appropriate; communicates this Standard to appropriate
businesses; and identifies businesses that handle or have access to
Customer information.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 5

Confidential
Square Capital The Product Team develops, maintains, and carries out appropriate
Credit Card Product procedures and controls to implement this Program.
Team (“Product
Teamˮ)
Counsel Product The Companyʼs legal counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel
and Regulatory) regarding the applicability and application of the requirements of this
Program to the Companyʼs business and operational activities.
Square Capital The SCBM reviews and adopts this program on an annual basis.
Board of Managers
(“SCBMˮ)
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 6

Confidential
1. Introduction
This Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism
Program Standard (the “Standardˮ) is designed to support compliance with relevant U.S. money
laundering, terrorist financing, and sanctions regulations applicable to Square Capital, LLC (“Square
Capitalˮ or the “Companyˮ) under its Credit Card Program (as described in more detail below), offered in
partnership with Celtic Bank (the “Bank Partnerˮ).
The Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act, and its implementing regulations
(collectively, the "BSA"), obligates financial institutions to implement anti-money laundering (“AMLˮ)
programs and requires the U.S. Department of Treasury to issue regulations specifying the requirements
for such programs. The U.S. Department of Treasury issues such regulations through the Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network FinCEN.
Under the Credit Card Program, Square Capital is not subject to BSA requirements because it serves as a
credit card servicer and not a financial institution.1 However, it is subject to certain Bank Partner
requirements. Square Capital adheres to the Block, Inc. ("Block") Global AML Policy. At a minimum, the
Bank Partner requires the Credit Card Product to have a Standard. This Standard also aligns with the Block
Global AML Policy and also forms part of Blockʼs Anti-Financial Crime domain under the Block Compliance
Policy Governance Framework.
2. Purpose
This Standard is designed to ensure compliance by Square Capitalʼs Credit Card product with applicable
BSA and AML requirements and applies to all relevant activities conducted by Square Capital, including
lending activities undertaken as part of servicing a credit card program. This document does not apply to
Square Capital's other products or programs outside of the Credit Card Program. It should be noted that
certain controls are administered by Block, which are specified throughout this Standard.
In addition to BSA/AML requirements, the U.S. Department of Treasuryʼs Office of Foreign Assets Control
(“OFACˮ), as well as other federal agencies, administers numerous embargoes and trade sanctions against
1 Square Capital is a wholly owned subsidiary of Block, Inc. Credit Cards are originated by Celtic Bank, and
Square Capital, as a service provider to Celtic Bank, purchases interest in future receivables and services
the Credit Cards on Celtic Bankʼs behalf.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 7

Confidential
specific countries, agencies, instrumentalities, and nationals of those countries, as well as other
designated individuals, such as terrorists or drug kingpins. Although each OFAC-related regulatory
program's requirements are unique, all programs generally prohibit a U.S. person, broadly defined, from
transacting business with any embargoed or sanctioned country, individual, or entity. Because of these
independent obligations under U.S. economic sanctions laws, this Standard incorporates customer identity
verification procedures to facilitate compliance with sanctions administered by OFAC. These OFAC and
customer identification procedures will apply to all Square Capital Credit Card Customers under its Credit
Card Program. A Square Capital Credit Card Customer (“Customerˮ) is a Square Seller that submits a
complete application for a Square Credit Card and is approved.
3. Scope
Square Capital only offers lending products to businesses.
References to “Staffˮ throughout this document shall refer to all full-time employees and fixed-term and
contingent workers, including interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Block Staff that administer this Standard on behalf of Square Capital have access to documentation that
affects their jobs and should understand their responsibilities to perform their work in an ethical and
legally compliant manner.
4. AML Program Pillars
Square Capitalʼs Credit Card Program has established the following internal controls for money laundering
and terrorist financing detection reporting (collectively the “AML compliance pillarsˮ):
● Designation of BSA/AML Compliance Officer;
● Internal Policies, Procedures, and Controls;
● AML Training and Awareness;
● Independent Testing and Review; and
● Customer Due Diligence Program (hereafter referred to as “KYC Programˮ).
In addition, Square Capital recognizes the need to establish reporting requirements and document
retention programs to provide evidence of satisfying the requirements set forth by the aforementioned
AML compliance pillars.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 8

Confidential
5. Designation of a BSA/AML Compliance Officer
The Block Board of Directors (the “Boardˮ) has designated a BSA/AML Compliance Officer who is
responsible for coordinating, managing, and monitoring this Standard. The BSA/AML Compliance Officer
has the authority to communicate directly with the members of the Audit and Risk Committee (“ARCˮ) of
the Board, as well as the SCBM, at their discretion. The BSA/AML Compliance Officer may also delegate
responsibilities under this Standard to other suitably qualified and experienced Staff Members. The SCBM
provides governance oversight of this Standard and approves it on an annual basis.
5.1 Square Capital, LLC Board of Managers
At least quarterly, the SCBM must receive reporting of BSA/AML risks pertaining to the Standard.
Reporting of items below should be reflected in meeting minutes or attestation stating that reporting was
discussed in the meeting. Attestations must be signed by a corporate secretary, Square Capital officer, or
committee chairperson. This must be available, along with any applicable report to the Bank Partner upon
request (may be redacted if necessary).
Quarterly Reporting must include:
● Initiatives or deficiencies about the overall status of this Standard; and
● Questionable activity trends.
Annual Standard updates must be provided to the SCBM annually and must include the following:
● Status of the BSA/AML Program;
● BSA/AML/OFAC risk assessment and the results;
● Annual summary/statistics of QAR activity;
● Any BSA/AML process breakdowns and audit finding trends that were identified and resolved;
and
● BSA/AML training status of the year.
The BSA/AML Compliance Officer assumes responsibility for the ongoing administration of this Standard,
and the BSA/AML Compliance Officer or his/her designee performs regular independent internal reviews
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 9

Confidential
to ensure that Square Capital is in full compliance with all BSA/AML requirements. These reviews include,
without limitation:
● Ensuring that all regulatory reports required of Square Capital or by this Standard are accurate
and timely filed with the appropriate governmental agency;
● Ensuring all documents required to be retained pursuant to BSA/AML requirements or this
Standard are retained for the required period;
● Ensuring that all processes or procedures used to monitor existing Customers are properly
designed to identify potential money laundering, taking into account the unique money
laundering risks of each such product or service;
● Monitoring federal and state regulatory changes, FinCEN Program guidance, and litigation
developments to ensure that this Standard remains reasonably designed to prevent Square
Capital from being used to facilitate money laundering or the financing of terrorist activities,
and implementing changes to practices when necessary to detect and prevent such actions;
and
● Assisting in the development of an effective training program to support the implementation of
this Standard and monitoring its progress for quality and effectiveness.
6. Internal Policies, Procedures, and Controls
Square Capitalʼs internal controls are policies, procedures, and processes administered by Block and
designed to limit and control risks and to achieve compliance with the BSA. These controls typically
address risks, and compliance requirements unique to the business and, in general, are designed to:
● Identify operations (products, services, Customers, entities, and geographic locations) more
vulnerable to abuse by money launderers and criminals, provide periodic updates to the
Companyʼs risk profile, and provide for a compliance program tailored to manage risks;
● Inform the SCBM and Senior Management of compliance initiatives, identified compliance
deficiencies, and corrective action taken, and including notification of Questionable Activity
Reports filed;
● Designate a BSA/AML Compliance Officer responsible for BSA, AML, and OFAC compliance;
● Meet regulatory recordkeeping and reporting requirements, recommendations for BSA, AML,
and OFAC compliance, and provide for timely updates in response to changes in regulations;
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 10

Confidential
● Implement risk-based CDD policies, procedures, and processes;
● Establish the identity of customers and verify their identities;
● Provide sufficient controls and monitoring systems for timely detection and reporting of
suspicious activity and filing of appropriate reports;
● Train employees to be aware of their responsibilities under the BSA/AML regulations and
internal policy guidelines; and
● Maintain an appropriate level of BSA, AML, and OFAC compliance independence to ensure
compliance staff:
○ Have a reporting line to the corporate compliance or other independent function;
○ Are actively involved in all matters affecting AML risk (e.g., new products, review or
termination of Customer relationships, reporting determinations);
○ Are able to escalate and objectively resolve disputes with business line management;
and
○ Maintain compliance objectivity in the event compliance staff is assigned additional
responsibilities.
6.1 Risk Assessment
Money Laundering Characteristics
FinCEN regulations require financial institutions to assess the money laundering and terrorist financing
risks of their Customers. Money laundering is diverse and complex but usually includes the following three
basic characteristics:
1. Placement: Introducing unlawful proceeds into the financial system directly or indirectly.
Placement occurs through many methods including breaking up large amounts of cash into
smaller deposits made below reporting thresholds to avoid detection. Deposits may be placed
into a single bank account or several bank accounts;
2. Layering: The process of separating illicit money from its source for the purposes of disguising
their original source. This stage is considered to be the most complex, as it often involves
multiple transactions across different bank accounts, financial instruments, legal entities, or
geographies; and
3. Integration: Using apparently legitimate transactions such as the purchase of prepaid cards,
investment securities, or other assets to disguise illicit proceeds and allow laundered funds to
be disbursed back to the laundering party.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 11

Confidential
Mitigating Controls
This Standard mitigates the money-laundering risks associated with its business in several ways, for
example, by:
● Maintaining a Customer Identification Verification Program that assists in reasonably
understanding its Customer;
● Performing Customer risk rating and on-going due diligence refresh based on the potential
ML/TF risk that the Customer presents;
● Prohibiting certain high-risk Customer types and businesses from using the Credit Card
Product due to unacceptable money laundering, reputational, or other risks and outlining these
prohibitions in its terms of service and internal compliance policies;
● Leveraging (through Block) trained compliance professionals to monitor, mitigate, and prevent
high-risk or suspicious Customer activity;
● Establishing controls that can block transactional activity for accounts with connections to
other accounts, individuals, or devices with a known history of illicit activity within the Block
system;
● Monitoring transactions using proprietary algorithms, including heuristic and machine-learning
methodologies, to identify and prevent patterns of transactional behavior suggestive of
high-risk money laundering or other suspicious activities;
● Monitoring and reviewing transactional activity related to international cards, which may not
otherwise be subject to the AML checks and procedures of U.S. financial institutions;
● Screening its Customers against OFACʼs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons
List and other applicable sanctions lists (collectively, the OFAC SDN List or OFAC List);
● Maintaining procedural controls that can identify and terminate high-risk accounts in real time,
including freezing any corresponding inflows or outflows of funds;
Block administers BSA/AML risk assessments on behalf of Square Capital in order to evaluate potential
money laundering and terrorist financing risks and to inform the design and priorities of this Standard. The
BSA/AML risk assessment must undergo periodic review to account for changes in product offerings and
services, Customers, and geographic locations. Square Capitalʼs BSA/AML risk assessment also assesses
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 12

Confidential
emerging risks, operations and employees. The applicable results for Square Capital are to be approved
by the BSA/AML Compliance Officer and reported to the SCBM.
Risk assessments may be updated on a regular basis including as necessary under the following
circumstances:
● New products or services are offered;
● Material changes being offered to existing products;
● Material changes are made to legal or regulatory requirements; and
● New markets or jurisdictions are entered through Square Capitalʼs operations that will
materially impact Square Capitalʼs risk profile.
For the avoidance of doubt, risk assessments specific to products must be completed prior to:
● New or materially changed products or services being available in any capacity to active
Customers/merchants; and
● The effective date of applicable legal requirements.
On behalf of Square Capital, Block conducts an annual risk assessment process which is an assessment
of Square Capitalʼs BSA/AML risk profile for the prior year. This annual risk assessment is to be approved
by the BSA/AML Compliance Officer with results presented to Square Capitalʼs SCBM.
7. AML Training and Awareness
Square Capitalʼs training program is administered by Block. In accordance with legal requirements, Block is
responsible for the implementation of a BSA/AML training program. The depth and content of the
BSA/AML training depends on the degree of responsibility each individual has for BSA/AML compliance.
At a minimum, each instance of the BSA/AML training shall provide details regarding this Standard and
related Policy, including but not limited to the requirement to file reports to FinCEN, penalties for
noncompliance with BSA/AML related policies and legal requirements, and risks associated with money
laundering and terrorist financing.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 13

Confidential
To ensure that the content of the BSA/AML training remains current, the BSA/AML Compliance Officer
stays abreast of developments in the BSA, and other related matters and directs updates to the BSA/AML
training, as appropriate.
The training program is based on 1 Mandatory Enterprise-Wide Training, 2 Role Specific Training, 3
Specialist Compliance Training, and 4 Board Training. Each element is defined in further detail below.
7.1 Mandatory Enterprise-Wide Training
Blockʼs education and training program is the responsibility of the BSA/AML Compliance Officer or
delegate. All Block full-time employees and contractors receive BSA/AML training (“BSA/AML Trainingˮ) at
least once per calendar year. The BSA/AML Training is provided to each new full-time employee and
contractor within a reasonable timeframe after their start date and thereafter each calendar year.
7.2 Role-Specific Training
Additionally, Block may require role-specific BSA/AML Training based on individual or team responsibilities
and their relevance to the Block BSA/AML Standard.
7.3 Specialist Compliance Training
Block Compliance Team members participate in a specialist compliance training program which includes
both professional and technical development. Additionally, professional membership for the purpose of
personal development of compliance professionals is encouraged by Block.
7.4 Board Training
Blockʼs Board and senior management receives targeted BSA/AML Training annually, and must be
informed of new BSA/AML developments and material changes to the federal financial agenciesʼ
regulations from which they are implemented.
For the avoidance of doubt, as the SCBM are either members of the Square Capital Product Team or
otherwise Block Senior Management, they are subject to employee and specialist level compliance training
and exempt from separate Board Training requirements under this Standard.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 14

Confidential
7.5 Training Procedures and Records
Training procedures and records are managed and maintained in accordance with Blockʼs Compliance
Training Program Standard and Annual Calendar..
8. Independent Testing and Review
As part ofBlockʼs BSA/AML Program, Square Capital conducts an independent, periodic risk-based
assessment on the overall adequacy and effectiveness of Square Capitalʼs BSA/AML Compliance Program.
This independent review is administered by Blockʼs Internal Audit Team. This independent evaluation is
conducted in accordance with internal audit standards and includes testing of compliance with all
applicable reporting, recordkeeping, and BSA/AML Program requirements as well as related policies,
standards, and applicable supporting procedures. Internal Audit retains individuals with the knowledge and
expertise to conduct a thorough and effective review.
Internal Audit issues a written report to senior management and reports the results of the BSA/AML review
at least quarterly to the ARC, summarizing any findings and resultant management action plans. Internal
Audit also performs validation of any management action plan prior to acceptance of closure. The Board
places accountability on senior management to address any results from the audit of this Standard in an
appropriate manner and to report on the status of any remediation efforts on a regular basis.
9. Customer Due Diligence Program KYC Program)
9.1 Know Your Customer Minimum Requirements
The Square Capital Credit Card Program has implemented a Know Your Customer Program that allows for
forming a reasonable belief of the Customerʼs true identity. As part of completion of a submitted credit
card application, Square Capital:
● Obtains and subsequently verifies identification-related information of its Customers through
third-party vendors;
● Maintains records of any information used to verify a Customerʼs identity;
● Determines if a Customer appears on the OFAC SDN List or OFAC List; and
● Establishes procedures for the timely resolution of both potential and confirmed matches to
entities on the OFAC SDN List or OFAC List.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 15

Confidential
9.2 Customer Identity Verification Procedures
As part of the Credit Card application process, and prior to receiving an approval from Square Capital,
Square Capital must be able to form a reasonable belief of the true identity of the Customer. As such, the
Credit Card application requires Customers to provide certain information, such as:
● Name;
● Date of Birth (for a Customer who is an individual);
● Physical Address (other than a P.O. Box); and
● Social Security Number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number, in the case of sole
proprietorships. Additionally, for non-sole proprietorships, they must also provide:
○ The Employer Identification Number; and
○ Business name.
Square Capital collects and verifies beneficial ownership information. Square Capital implements a
reasonable and practical risk-based procedure for verifying the identity of each beneficial owner. More
information is included in Beneficial Ownership Section 9.6.
Square Capital may request additional information to perform a manual review of an application, which
may include relevant business license or other document, or, in order to verify the identity of an individual,
a driverʼs license, government-issued identification card, passport, or birth certificate. Square Capital may
use various third-party vendors and public data sources to verify this additional information. Where a
Customerʼs identity cannot be verified with additional information and/or documentation, Square Capital
will decline the Credit Card application and will not proceed to the other steps involved in the application
process.
9.3 Notice to Customers of Customer Identity Verification Obligations
To implement an BSA/AML Program that aligns with FinCENʼs requirements, Square Capital advises all
Customers during the application process that the Company must obtain, verify, and record Customer
identification information in order to meet its obligations.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 16

Confidential
9.4 Enhanced Due Diligence
Square Capital recognizes that certain Customers or products may pose higher money-laundering or
terrorist-financing risks and, therefore, may require the application of Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDDˮ)
procedures. The criteria for whether Square Capital will apply EDD procedures include one or more of the
following:
● Square Capitalʼs BSA/AML and OFAC risk assessments;
● The Customerʼs or associated businessʼ activity;
● The Customerʼs or associated businessʼ ownership structure;
● Explanations or lack thereof for changes in the Customerʼs linked bank account;
● The anticipated or actual volume of transactions;
● Activity on other related Square Capital account relationships; and
● Excessive overpayment on a credit card account.
9.5 Customer Screening Against Government Lists
Square Capital performs an initial OFAC List screening of all Customers and additional periodic screenings
thereafter, using a third-party vendor. For Customers that submit a credit card application, Square Capital
performs an initial OFAC List screening on the application Customer(s) no later than lending product
origination. For other types of Customers, Square Capital performs an initial OFAC List screening before
establishing a new account relationship. After the OFAC List screening is cleared, Square Capital proceeds
with establishing a new Customer relationship. Additionally, thereafter Square Capital performs additional
periodic screenings of the Customer as appropriate for all open and active accounts, using a third-party
vendor.
Credit Card Customers that are also processing payments with other Block business units are subject to
sanctions screening as part of payments processing onboarding and are subject to recurring screens
while using other Block business unit products.
9.6 Beneficial Ownership
Square Capital maintains procedures that are reasonably designed to identify the beneficial owner(s) of
qualifying legal entity Customers. Before opening a credit card account, Square Capital may request
additional information or documentation to assist with this identification. If Square Capital is unable to
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 17

Confidential
reasonably verify the identity of each beneficial owner, the account relationship cannot be established.
After the credit card account is open, if relevant information is obtained that changes Square Capitalʼs
understanding of the true number or identity of a legal entityʼs beneficial owner(s), Square Capital will
undertake similar steps to verify the beneficial owner(s) identity. If the identity of a new beneficial
owner(s) cannot subsequently be verified, no new account relationship can be established with the legal
entity until and unless all beneficial owner identity information can be verified.
Beneficial ownership must be recertified, if, during the life of the active account new information is
obtained that leads to a reasonable belief that there has been a change in beneficial ownership. These
“triggering eventsˮ may include, but are not limited to a change in terms, the addition of a new
signer/payer, change in address of the business, death of a sole proprietor, or direct knowledge of
ownership change.
10. Regulatory Reporting and Document Retention
Requirements
Square Capital adheres to the BSAʼs reporting and recordkeeping obligations, which apply to financial
institutions (e.g., Square Capitalʼs Bank Partner(s)) when those reports or records have “a high degree of
usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory investigations or proceedings, or in the conduct of intelligence or
counterintelligence activities, including analysis, to protect against international terrorism.ˮ
10.1 Questionable Activity Reports
Square Capital is not required to file a Suspicious Activity Report (“SARˮ) for suspicious activity that
pertains to a credit card account and instead follows specific Bank Partner reporting obligations
established by contract. Square Capital is required to notify its Bank Partner of suspicious activity by
sending a Questionable Activity Investigation (“QAIˮ) Report to the Bank Partner within 30 days of the
questionable activity being detected. The QAI Report contains information similar to that found in a SAR in
order to provide the Bank Partner with all of the relevant information necessary to make a timely
determination whether or not to file a SAR. Square Capital is not advised of the Bank Partnerʼs decision
whether or not to file a SAR. The QAI Report and all information used to complete that report is handled
with the same diligence and confidentiality as if a SAR were being filed.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 18

Confidential
10.2 OFAC Reports
The procedures used to determine whether a Square Capital Customer is a potential match against the
OFAC List include the following:
● Comparison of all identifying information provided by the Customer against the OFAC List to
determine whether there is a potential match;
● Review of other information available on the OFAC List and if necessary a follow-up request for
additional information from the Customer; and
● If the Customer information is determined to be a match against the OFAC List or is sufficiently
similar with respect to the above, this information is reported to the BSA/AML Compliance
Officer.
If a Square Capital Customer or Beneficial Owner matches the OFAC List, all records of the transaction are
retained for a period of five years. When Square Capital rejects a proscribed transaction, or holds property
that is blocked under an OFAC-administered program, all records of the transaction are maintained for five
years from the date of the rejected transaction or, in the event of a blocking, for the period of the blocking
plus five years. In the event of an OFAC true match as it pertains to a partner Customer, Square Capital will
fulfill all applicable OFAC reporting requirements and block/freeze or reject funds, as required. Square
Capital will submit blocked and rejected reports to OFAC within ten 10 business days from the date the
property is blocked or rejected and file the annual report of blocked property, and include the blocked
property(ies) in OFACʼs Annual Report of Blocked Property.
Square Capital will refer any true OFAC matches to the Bank Partner within 5 days of Square Capital
making a positive OFAC match identification if the true OFAC match is a Square Credit Card Customer.
Square Capital will submit to the Bank Partner the following information related to the positive OFAC
match: the name, date of birth, ssn/TIN, and address of the OFAC match.
Once Square Capital has determined it cannot engage in a particular transaction with a particular Square
Capital Customer, it may not recommend other sources for the party to contact, may not make referrals,
and cannot act as an intermediary or consultant with respect to any prohibited transactions.
Rescreens of the OFAC List are conducted periodically commensurate with the overall risk to this Standard
using the same process outlined in this subsection.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 19

Confidential
10.3 Currency Transaction Reports
Currency Transaction Reports (“CTRsˮ) are filed when a financial institution takes in or pays out more than
$10,000 in one or more cash transactions (“currencyˮ) from a Customer in a 24-hour period. Square
Capital does not accept currency; thus, Square Capital has no current obligation to file CTRs.
10.4 314(a) and (b)
Section 314(a) of the USA PATRIOT Act allows Law Enforcement agencies to share with financial
institutions certain information regarding persons potentially involved in criminal or terrorist activities in
order to obtain financial information related to those individuals. Section 314(b) generally follows the same
requirements for information sharing between financial institutions for the same purposes.
Square Capital is not a financial institution; however, its Bank Partner may receive such requests and
provide those to Square Capital, in which case Square Capital follows all guidelines and requirements for
escalating 314(a) and 314(b) requests to its Bank Partner in the event of a required response. In the event
Square Capital identifies any transactions that require a response, Square Capital shall promptly report
through a designated person to the Bank Partner at minimum the name of the person/entity and all
associated account information, personal identifying information, and transaction information. Although
314(a) and 314(b) requests are not subject to the BSAʼs five-year record retention requirements, Square
Capital nonetheless maintains such requests for a period of five years to permit Square Capital to show
evidence of 314(a) and 314(b) compliance between examinations.
If, as a result of information sharing, Square Capital knows, suspects, or has reason to suspect that an
individual, entity, or organization is involved in, or may be involved in terrorist activity or money laundering,
and the activity qualifies for a QAR Report, Square Capital will escalate the activity to the Bank Partner.
Additionally, if the activity is associated with other Block, Inc. products, Block will file a separate SAR with
respect to that related activity.
11. Document Management
11.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Head of Square Compliance or their designee.
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 20

Confidential
11.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance
with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix. This review includes consideration of feedback on the
effectiveness of the program and any Bank Partner or audit input, as applicable. In addition, the SCBM will
annually review and approve this Standard. Specific to the SCBMʼs review and approval, the Credit Card
Compliance Manager or their designee is responsible for facilitating such communication.
12. Exceptions
Exceptions to this document must be pre-approved by the Head of Square Compliance or their designee.
Staff Members may submit exception requests for review at go/policyhelp.
13. Record Retention
Square will maintain records of this Standard in accordance with Squareʼs document retention guidelines.
14. Related Documentation or References
Related Policy Block Global Anti-Money Laundering &
Countering The Financing
of Terrorism Policy
15. Revision & Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Tim Spencer Square Product Reviewed/No Imp… Feb 11, 2025
Compliance
Ken Triemstra Global Policy and Reviewed/No Imp… Feb 11, 2025
Governance
Approval Tracking
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 21

Confidential
Approver Title Type Description Date
N/A N/A Creation Document is March 29, 2022
created as a
dnguyen@square Banking Credit Initial Appro… supplemental May 6, 2022
up.com Policy Program Program
Manager document for
Square Capitalʼs
Credit Card
Program.
Melissa Benja… Square Head of Scheduled R… July 12, 2022
Compliance
Laura Fragom… Square Head of Material Cha… Annual review. March 20, 2024
Compliance Updated content
and structure to
Amelia Childre… Square Capital, Material Cha… align with the March 26, 2024
LLC Board of Block BSA/AML
Managers Program.
Square Capital Square Capital Scheduled R… Scheduled February 20,
Board of Board of review; immaterial 2025
Managers Managers changes
16. Document Details
Business Square
Scope Regional US
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Head of Square Compliance
Last Approval Date February 20, 2025
Effective Date February 20, 2025
Approved By Square Capital Board of Managers
Document Review Schedule Annually February]
Credit Card Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program Standard | Square | Square
Capital, LLC 22