Anti-Money Laundering & Counter Terrorist
Financing Standard
Cash App Investing LLC
Last Approved: Mar 27, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 27, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Anti-Money Laundering & Counter Terrorist Financing Program
(“Programˮ) outlines Cash App Investing LLCʼs (“CAI,ˮ “Broker-Dealer,ˮ or “Firmˮ) approach to
comply with applicable laws, regulations, and guidelines to monitor, detect, prevent, and report
possible money laundering, financial crimes and terrorist financing. The BSA/AML Compliance
Officer (“Officerˮ) is responsible for management of this Program.
This Program ensures compliance with regulations administered by the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (“FINRAˮ), the Bank Secrecy Act (“BSAˮ), and the Treasury Departmentʼs Office of Foreign
Assets Control (“OFACˮ). This Program is risk-based and designed to address the risks of money
laundering and terrorist financing as they relate to the characteristics of the customers CAI serves,
where CAI customers are located, and the types of services CAI offers.
CAI is a subsidiary of Block, Inc. (“Blockˮ), a licensed money transmitter and registered money
service business subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (“BSAˮ) and USA PATRIOT Act requirements to
establish and maintain an anti-money laundering (“AMLˮ) compliance program. While CAI maintains
this independent Program, CAI leverages the resources, personnel, technology, and sophistication of
the enterprise-wide Block AML program. The Firm is committed to substantive AML monitoring and
continuous improvement in its AML program, including adequate oversight of Block enterprise-wide
AML services.
In both money laundering and terrorist financing, criminals may attempt to exploit loopholes and
other weaknesses in the financial system to launder criminal proceeds or conduct other illegal
activities. Both money laundering and terrorist financing are serious financial crimes with potentially
devastating social and financial effects.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

CAI reserves the right to investigate any known or suspected violation of this Program. Failure to
comply with this Program may result in disciplinary action, including termination. Staff must be
mindful that they may be subject to criminal liability if they are willfully blind to suspicious activity or
should have known that an activity was suspicious. Willful blindness (deliberately ignoring facts that
a reasonable person would consider suspicious) does not require active involvement in a money
laundering scheme in order to create liability.
CAI designed this Program to provide a framework for a robust AML program and to communicate at
an organizational level CAIʼs commitment to a culture of effective AML compliance. This Program is
intended to be supplemented by additional policies, programs and procedures where necessary.
Some policies, programs or procedures are maintained by Block. References to “staff members''
throughout this document shall refer to all employees of CAI and/or Block and fixed-term and
contingent workers who support the operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Program, and
include interns, temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Scope: To address the money laundering concerns outlined above, the U.S. government has passed
laws that both make money laundering a crime and additionally impose affirmative obligations upon
covered entities. The Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act (collectively,
the “BSAˮ), relies on U.S. financial institutions to assist U.S. government agencies in detecting and
preventing money laundering and terrorist financing.1 To accomplish these objectives, the BSA and
FINRA Rule 3310 require broker-dealers to implement written risk-based AML programs that are
reasonably designed to ensure compliance with all applicable BSA and FINRA requirements, while
further imposing certain recordkeeping and reporting requirements.2
In addition to BSA and FINRA regulations, OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade
sanctions against targeted countries, agencies, instrumentalities, controlled entities, and nationals of
those countries, as well as other designated individuals, such as terrorists or narcotics traffickers.3
Although the specific requirements of each OFAC-related regulatory program are unique, all
programs generally prohibit a U.S. person4, broadly defined, from transacting business with any
embargoed or sanctioned country, individual, or entity. Further, OFAC guidance instructs financial
institutions such as CAI to develop a risk-based approach to economic sanctions screening that is
commensurate with the sanctions risks that are currently or will be posed.5
Definitions
Terminology Definition
AML Anti-Money Laundering
BSA Bank Secrecy Act
Report of International Transportation of Currency or Monetary
CMIR Instruments
FBAR Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts
1 31 U.S.C. § 5311
2 31 U.S.C. § 5318(h)
3 31 C.F.R. § Part 500 et. seq.
4 31 C.F.R. § 560.314
5 See https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Documents/matrix.pdf and OFAC FAQ 560.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

FCS FINRA Contact System
FinCEN Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
FINRA Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
SEC Securities and Exchange Commission
IRS Internal Revenue Service
NSLs National Security Letters
OFAC Office of Foreign Assets Control
SAR Suspicious Activity Reports
SDN Specially Designated Nationals
SRO Self-Regulatory Organizations
CAI Cash App Investing LLC (“the Firmˮ)
Block Block, Inc.
Cash App A financial services platform offered by Block
Apex Clearing Corporation ("Apexˮ). A clearing partner whom CAI relies
upon for executing transactions in customer accounts. Apex also
maintains an anti-money laundering/counter-terrorist financing and
Apex sanctions compliance program.
DriveWealth, LLC (“DriveWealthˮ). A clearing partner whom CAI relies
upon for executing transactions in customer accounts. DriveWealth also
maintains an anti-money laundering/counter-terrorist financing and
DriveWealth sanctions compliance program.
The process by which individuals attempt to conceal and disguise the
true nature of illegal proceeds through phases known as placement,
Money Laundering layering, and integration.
The process of raising money to carry out terrorist activities, the funds
of which may be derived from unlawful or legitimate sources, such as
personal donations and profits from businesses and charitable
Terrorist Financing organizations.
All products and services offered by CAI that are required to comply
Covered Products with local laws.
An internal indicator placed upon a Cash App account. A Denylisted
account is prevented from continued use, except for certain limited
activity. Staff Denylist a Cash App account if it reasonably suspects its
involvement in prohibited, fraudulent, or illegal activities on the Cash
App platform. For Denylisted Cash App accounts with a CAI account, the
customer is prevented from making further securities purchases, but is
Denylist permitted to sell existing holdings.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

2. Program Requirements
2.1. Customers and Product
2.1.1. Customers
The Firm is an introducing broker-dealer that enables customers to trade securities on a purely
self-directed basis. The Firm makes its services available through an application available to
customers of Cash App, a financial services platform offered by Block. Existing Cash App customers
who wish to engage in securities transactions sign up for an account with the Firm through the Cash
App mobile application. CAI only permits U.S. residents to open brokerage accounts, and limits
brokerage accounts to one per customer by ensuring that the Social Security Number obtained is not
already affiliated with another CAI account, with certain exceptions6.
2.1.2. Products and Securities
CAI enables customers to buy or sell hundreds of equities on a self-directed basis. Specifically, the
broker-dealer provides access to purchase highly liquid stocks, exchange traded funds (“ETFsˮ) and
American Depository Receipts (“ADRsˮ) listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSEˮ) or the
National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations System (“NASDAQˮ). The menu of
securities available to CAI customers is further limited by additional established criteria;. please see
CAIʼs Written Supervisory Procedures for full details.
The CAI platform is characterized by relatively small accounts and transactions in highly liquid
securities. CAI does not offer retirement accounts, joint accounts, or any account type other than
individual brokerage accounts.
CAI does not carry customer accounts or custody of any funds or securities, but instead introduces
accounts on a fully disclosed basis to clearing firm partner(s), who are registered carrying
broker-dealers and members of FINRA (“CAIIntroduced Accountsˮ). CAIIntroduced Accounts
never contain free credit balances, and customers cannot directly transfer funds to or from these
accounts. Rather, customers only fund securities transactions from their Cash App Balance7 held
outside CAI and clearing firm partner(s) in the Cash App digital wallet and only receive proceeds
from securities sales in this external Cash App Balance. All funds notionally flowing to and from
CAIIntroduced Accounts represent the exact amounts to fund securities purchases and provide
proceeds of sales. All actual movements of funds related to securities purchases and sales occur on
an aggregate basis between CAIIntroduced Accounts and the Cash App Wallet.
2.2. Organizational Structure and Authority
6 The limit of one brokerage account per individual excludes “Family Investing Accountsˮ. Family Investing Accounts are brokerage
accounts opened by the account owner that can be used by “Authorized Usersˮ. An Authorized User is a person residing in the U.S.
between the ages of 13 and 17 at the time of the opening of the Family Investing Account, and to whom the account owner is the
parent or legal guardian.
7 A customerʼs “Cash App Balanceˮ refers to funds held by Block, Inc. for the benefit of Cash App customers in depository accounts
at third-party banks (i.e., the “Cash App Walletˮ).
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

Once the Board has designated the BSA/AML Compliance Officer, they have responsibility for
implementing the broker-dealerʼs AML program. This Officer has a working knowledge of the BSA
and its regulations and is qualified by experience, knowledge and training. The Officer oversees
adherence to the AML program as well as communication and training for employees. The Officer
also ensures that CAI keeps and maintains all of the required AML records and ensures that SARs are
filed with FinCEN when appropriate. The Officer is vested with responsibility and authority to enforce
the firmʼs AML program.
As required, CAI will provide FINRA (via FINRAʼs Contact System (“FCSˮ)) with the following AML
Compliance Personʼs contact information:
a) name;
b) title;
c) mailing address;
d) email address;
e) telephone number; and
f) facsimile number.
The AML Compliance Person will promptly notify FINRA of any changes to this information through
FCS and will review and, if necessary, update this information within 17 business days after the end
of each calendar year. In addition, if there is any change to this information, the designated
supervisor will update the information promptly, but in any event not later than 30 days, following
changes in things like personnel. The Officer may designate delegates as necessary for performing
elements of the firmʼs AML program.
2.3. BSA/AML/Sanctions Risk Assessment
This Program is commensurate with the risks posed by CAIʼs product and services, customers, and
geographic locations. Block conducts an annual Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
Financing and Sanctions Risk Assessment (“Risk Assessmentˮ), which includes CAI products and
services. The Risk Assessment is performed to evaluate the risk of money laundering and terrorist
financing ML/TF and sanctions breaches, including the inherent risks in CAIʼs products, and the
effectiveness of CAIʼs existing controls in mitigating those risks. The Risk Assessment must undergo
periodic review to account for changes in product offerings and services, customers, and
geographic locations. In addition, the Risk Assessment, may be updated for certain circumstances,
which may include but is not limited to: (i) When new material products or services are offered; (ii)
When there are material legal and/or regulatory changes; (iii) When material updates are made to
existing products; and/or (iv) When new markets are entered that will materially impact the
broker-dealerʼs risk profile. The results of the Risk Assessment are approved by the Officer, and
results are provided to senior management and the Board for review.
2.4. Money Laundering Characteristics
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

FinCENʼs regulations require financial institutions to assess the money laundering and terrorist
financing risks presented by their customers.8 Money laundering is diverse and complex, but usually
involves the following three basic stages:
● As the first stage of money laundering, placement is the introduction of criminal proceeds
into the financial system;
● As the second stage of money laundering, layering is generally the use of many complex
transactions to obscure the source of the criminal proceeds and make them appear
legitimate; and
● As the final stage of money laundering, integration occurs when the criminal receives the
proceeds of what now appear to be legitimate payments. The criminal can then use the
funds as they wish.
2.5. CAIʼs AML Program
As part of its AML program, CAI has implemented the four pillars of AML compliance, namely:
● Designation of a BSA/AML Compliance Officer;
● Development of internal policies, procedures, and controls;
● BSA/AML education and training program; and
● Independent testing and review.
This program discusses each of the four pillars as implemented by CAI in individual sections below.
2.6. Designation of a BSA/AML Compliance Officer
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1023.210(b)(1)
The Board designates the Officer, who is responsible for oversight of day-to-day AML compliance
with this Program. The Officer may delegate certain duties under the Program to others and also may
formally appoint a Secondary BSA/AML Compliance Officer(s) to complete certain responsibilities.
The Officer is responsible for monitoring relevant federal and state regulatory changes, FinCEN
program guidance, and other developments to ensure that this program remains reasonably
designed.
2.7. Clearing and Introducing Firm Relationships
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1023.210; FINRA Rule 3310; FINRA Rule 4311;FIN2006G003 Frequently
Asked Questions: Foreign Bank Re-certifications under 31 C.F.R. § 103.77 February 3, 2006
CAI will work with its clearing firm partners(s) as necessary to detect money laundering. CAI will
exchange information, records, data and review information as necessary to comply with the
broker-dealerʼs contractual obligations and with AML laws. CAI and clearing firm partner(s) may
escalate customer(s) to one another where suspicious activity has been identified for additional
8 31 C.F.R. § 1022.210(b)
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

review, which may result in closing the account and/or flagging the account for possible suspicious
activity reporting.
2.8. Monitoring Accounts for Suspicious Activity
Understanding the Nature and Purpose of Customer Relationships
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230; 31 C.F.R. § 1023.210(b)(5)(i); FINRA Rule 3310;FIN2016G003
Frequently Asked Questions Regarding Customer Due Diligence Requirements for Financial
Institutions 7/19/2016; Regulatory Notice 1740; Regulatory Notice 1819.
All CAI brokerage accounts are self-directed, and CAI does not make any recommendations with
respect to securities transactions, strategies, or account types. Further, most transactions effected
through CAI are small. CAIʼs Program is focused on substantive AML monitoring, such as risk-based
CIP at account opening and transaction monitoringAdditionally, Block enacts a risk-based approach
for Source of Wealth / Source of Funds SOW/SOF verification flow for certain U.S. Cash App
accounts (including those customers that also maintain a CAI brokerage account) that meet
established transaction and customer risk rating thresholds. This flow requires customers to answer
questions about the origin of their funds and may be required to provide supporting documentation
based on their answers.
Conducting Ongoing Monitoring to Identify Suspicious Transactions
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230; 31 C.F.R. § 1023.210(b)(5)(ii); FINRA Rule 3310FIN2016G003
Frequently Asked Questions Regarding Customer Due Diligence Requirements for Financial
Institutions 7/19/2016; Regulatory Notice 1740; Regulatory Notice 1819
CAI conducts ongoing monitoring, as outlined further below, to identify and report suspicious
transactions.
The Officer or the designated team member(s) monitors transactions that are triggered for review
due to unusual size, volume, returns, or patterns, taking into account risk factors and red flags that
are appropriate to CAIʼs business (the identification of red flags is outlined further in the next
section). Trade surveillance and transaction monitoring queues are configured to identify anomalous
activity conducted, and surface said activity for further investigation by the designated team(s)
through alerts. Investigations may involve reviewing factors such as a customerʼs trading activity,
KYC profile information and web presence, searching in particular for AML red flags as outlined
further below.
Identification of Red Flags
Source(s): FINRA Rule 3310; FINRA Regulatory Notice 0221
When the Officer, CAI team member(s), and/or Block team member(s) discover any “red flagsˮ that
indicate a higher risk of money laundering or terrorist financing, the individual will take appropriate
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

action, which may include escalation for further review or subjecting a customer to enhanced due
diligence (“EDDˮ) procedures.
Examples of red flags include:
Potential Red Flags in Customer Due Diligence and Interactions With Customers
● The customer refuses to identify a legitimate source of funds or information is false,
misleading or substantially incorrect.
● The customerʼs legal or mailing address is associated with multiple other accounts or
businesses that do not appear related.
● The customer appears to be acting as an agent for an undisclosed principal, but is
reluctant to provide information.
● The customer is publicly known or known to the firm to have criminal, civil or regulatory
proceedings against him or her for crime, corruption or misuse of public funds, or is known
to associate with such persons. Sources for this information could include news items, the
Internet or commercial database searches.
● The customer maintains multiple accounts, or maintains accounts in the names of family
members or corporate entities, with no apparent business or other purpose.
● An account is opened by a politically exposed person PEP, particularly in conjunction with
one or more additional risk factors, such as the account being opened by a shell company
beneficially owned or controlled by the PEP, the PEP is from a country which has been
identified by FATF as having strategic AML regime deficiencies, or the PEP is from a
country known to have a high level of corruption.
Potential Red Flags in Securities Trading and Money Movements
● There is a sudden spike in investor demand for, coupled with a rising price in, a thinly
traded or low-priced security.
● The customerʼs activity represents a significant proportion of the daily trading volume in a
thinly traded or low-priced security.
● A customer buys and sells securities with no discernable purpose or circumstances that
appear unusual.
● A customer engages in pre-arranged or other non-competitive securities trading, including
wash or cross trades, with no apparent business purpose.
● A customer attempts to influence the closing price of a stock by executing purchase or sale
orders at or near the close of the market.
● A customer engages in transactions suspected to be associated with cyber breaches of
customer accounts, including potentially unauthorized disbursements of funds or trades.
● A customer engages in a frequent pattern of placing orders on one side of the market,
usually inside the existing National Best Bid or Offer NBBO, followed by the customer
entering orders on the other side of the market that execute against other market
participants that joined the market at the improved NBBO (activity indicative of “spoofingˮ).
● Two or more unrelated customer accounts at the firm trade an illiquid or low priced security
suddenly and simultaneously.
● The customer makes a large purchase or sale of a security, or option on a security, shortly
before news or a significant announcement is issued that affects the price of the security.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

● The customer is known to have friends or family who work at or for the securities issuer,
which may be a red flag for potential insider trading or unlawful sales of unregistered
securities.
● The customerʼs purchase of a security does not correspond to the customerʼs investment
profile or history of transactions (e.g., the customer may never have invested in equity
securities or may have never invested in a given industry, but does so at an opportune
time) and there is no reasonable explanation for the change. The firm receives regulatory
inquiries or grand jury or other subpoenas concerning the firmʼs customersʼ trading.
● The customer appears to buy or sell securities based on advanced knowledge of pending
customer orders.
● A dormant account suddenly becomes active without a plausible explanation (e.g., large
deposits that are suddenly wired out).
Other Potential Red Flags
● The customer exhibits unusual concern with the firmʼs compliance with government
reporting requirements and the firmʼs AML policies.
● The customer tries to persuade an employee not to file required reports or not to maintain
the required records.
● Notifications received from the broker-dealerʼs clearing firm that the clearing firm had
identified potentially suspicious activity in customer accounts. Such notifications can take
the form of alerts or other concern regarding negative news, money movements or activity
involving certain securities.
● Law enforcement has issued subpoenas or freeze letters regarding a customer or account
at the securities firm.
● The customer makes high-value transactions not commensurate with the customerʼs
known income or financial resources.
● The stated business, occupation or financial resources of the customer are not
commensurate with the type or level of activity of the customer.
● The customer engages in transactions that show the customer is acting on behalf of third
parties with no apparent business or lawful purpose.
● The customer engages in transactions that show a sudden change inconsistent with normal
activities of the customer.
● Current officers, former officers, significant shareholders or family members of these
individuals, who trade low-priced securities prior to a corporate announcement or stock
promotion campaign
Brokerage Customer Termination
Source(s): FINRA Rule 3310; FINRA Regulatory Notice 1740
If a customer account is under reasonable suspicion of being a bad actor by CAI compliance or
designated Block team(s) for reasons including, but not limited to, fraud, anti-money laundering
concerns, identity theft, or accounts that have otherwise been identified to have violated the terms
of service, the designated team(s) will review and Denylist and/or close the account as they see fit
and according to procedure.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

2.9. Enhanced and Customer Due Diligence
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1023.220
Know Your Customer Due Diligence
CAIʼs KYC Program consists of a three-tier approach, starting with its Customer Identification
Program (“CIPˮ). The level of KYC varies depending on the level of potential AML/CTF risk
presented. The three tiers, explained in the sections that follow, are:
● Customer Identification Program (“CIPˮ);
● Customer Due Diligence (“CDDˮ); and
● Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDDˮ).
CAIʼs CIP includes risk-based procedures for verifying the identity of each customer using
documentary and non-documentary methods. The procedures are based on CAI's assessment of
the relevant risks, including those presented by the various types of accounts maintained by CAI, the
various methods of opening accounts, the various types of identifying information available and
CAI's size, location and customer base. If CAI is unable to verify the customerʼs identity, an account
is not opened for the customer. Notice is provided to customers that information is being requested
for identity verification through CAIʼs Customer Account Agreement. Customer identifying
information is kept, at a minimum, for 6 years subsequent to account closing as required by CAIʼs
Books and Records Inventory. Please refer to CAIʼs “CIP Programˮ for additional information,
including the information requested from the customer.
CDD and EDD for the Cash App ecosystem, including CAI, are centralized under the Block KYC Team
and done on an alert basis through various queues. The Block KYC Team performs an
enterprise-wide review of customer account information for these purposes, including CAI
information. They document the reviews, including disposition and supporting comments within
Blockʼs internal case management system.
All Cash App accounts receive a risk rating by a machine learning-based Customer Risk Rating
(“CRRˮ) model. A CRR is an ongoing assessment of customer risk updated on a regular cadence.
Customers receive CRRs between 0.0 (lowest risk) and 1.0 (maximum risk). The factors used in the
CRR scores include a variety of factors, including but not limited to transaction activity, connected
users, onboarding attributes, historical risk actions, and connections through identifiers such as
SSN, device, IP address. Certain factors such as adverse media related to financial crimes or
reputational risk can override a CRR to assign a higher risk rating. In summary:
● CRR scores differentiate low, moderate and high risk Cash App customers.
● CRR scores determine if customers alert in the CDD or EDD queues reviewed by the Block
KYC Team.
Politically Exposed Persons PEPs
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

PEPs are often viewed as higher risk based on the potential risk that their funds may have derived
from or involved foreign corruption, bribery, terrorist financing or money laundering. Immediate
family members or close associates of PEPs may pose a similar elevated risk as they may be used to
conceal misappropriated funds. CAI only supports US citizens as customers, , minimizing the level of
Foreign PEP risk exposure. CAIemploys a risk-based approach to PEP monitoring and has
documented procedures for PEP determination and ongoing monitoring for high-risk PEP exposure.
PEPs are categorized and defined as:
● Domestic PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted domestically US with
prominent public functions.
● Foreign PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted with prominent public functions
by a foreign (non-US) country.
● International Organization PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted with a
prominent function by an international organization.
● Family Members: Individuals who are related to a PEP directly or through marriage or
similar (civil) forms of partnerships.
● Close Associates: Individuals who are closely connected to a PEP, either socially or
professionally.
If a domestic PEP (including a family member or close associate) is identified on the platform during
the normal course of compliance review, the account is subject to due diligence in accordance with
KYC review processes. If a foreign PEP or international organization PEP (family member or close
associate) is identified on the platform, the account will be escalated for an EDD review, and a
determination must be made as to whether to continue the business relationship with the customer.
Approval from the Head of Customer Onboarding and Management or their designee is required to
maintain a business relationship with any individual identified as a high risk PEP.
Confirmed PEPs are subject to ongoing EDD monitoring which may include:
● Reaching out to the customer to confirm SoF or SoW information;
● Adverse media screening; or,
● Transactional review of the customerʼs activity.
Customer Due Diligence CDD Rule) for Entities
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230; 31 C.F.R. § 1023.210(b)(5); FINRA Rule 3310;81 Fed. Reg. 29398
May 11, 2016 Final Rule: Financial Crimes Enforcement Network; CustomerDue Diligence
Requirements for Financial Institutions); FIN2016G003 Frequently Asked Questions Regarding
Customer Due Diligence Requirements for Financial Institutions 7/19/2016; Regulatory Notice 1740;
FIN2018G001 Frequently Asked Questions Regarding Customer Due DiligenceRequirements for
Financial Institutions 4/3/2018; Regulatory Notice 1819.
CAI does not open or maintain accounts for legal entity customers within the meaning of 31 C.F.R. §
1010.230. If, in the future, CAI elects to open accounts for legal entity customers, CAI will first
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

establish, document and ensure the implementation of appropriate CDD procedures to support legal
entity customers.
Enhanced Due Diligence for Correspondent Accounts of Foreign Financial Institutions
Source(s):31 C.F.R. § 1010.610(b); 31 C.F.R. § 1010.610(c)
CAI does not have, nor does it intend to open or maintain correspondent accounts for foreign
financial institutions. CAI does not currently support entity accounts nor the creation of entity
accounts with foreign addresses.
Special Procedures when Due Diligence or Enhanced Due Diligence Cannot be Performed for
Foreign Financial Institutions
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1010.610(d)
CAI does not have, nor does it intend to open or maintain correspondent accounts for foreign
financial institutions. CAI does not currently support entity accounts nor the creation of entity
accounts with foreign addresses.
Due Diligence and Enhanced Due Diligence Requirements for Private Banking Accounts/Senior
Foreign Political Figures
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1010.620;Guidance on Enhanced Scrutiny for Transactions that May Involve
the Proceeds of Foreign Official Corruption 1/1/2001; FIN2008G005 Guidance to Financial
Institutions on Filing Suspicious Activity Reports regarding the Proceeds of Political Corruption
4/17/2008; FIN2018A003
CAI does not have, nor does it intend to open or maintain correspondent accounts for foreign
financial institutions. CAI does not currently support entity accounts nor the creation of entity
accounts with foreign addresses. Because CAI does not support private banking accounts or foreign
accounts, the obligation to conduct due diligence and enhanced due diligence does not apply to CAI.
Correspondent Accounts for Foreign Shell Banks
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1010.630; 31 C.F.R. § 1010.605
CAI does not allow entity accounts and, at this time, prohibits the onboarding of customers who are
not U.S. residents. CAI only enables the funding of the customerʼs brokerage account via their linked
stored Cash App balance.
Detecting and Closing Correspondent Accounts for Foreign Shell Banks
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1010.630; 31 C.F.R. § 1010.605
Customers may only fund their brokerage accounts through their linked stored Cash App balance
and are unable to fund their brokerage accounts via foreign banks.
Certifications
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. §§ 1010.630(a)–(b), 1010.630(d)
CAI does not allow accounts with foreign banks.
Recordkeeping for Correspondent Accounts for Foreign Banks
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. §§ 1010.630(a)–(b), 1010.630(d)
CAI does not allow accounts with foreign banks.
Summons or Subpoena of Foreign Bank Records; Termination of Correspondent Relationships
with Foreign Bank
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1010.660
CAI does not allow accounts with foreign banks, nor does it intend to open or maintain
correspondent accounts for foreign financial institutions.
Due Diligence for Correspondent Accounts of Foreign Financial Institutions
Source(s):31 C.F.R. §§ 103.175, 103.176
CAI does not allow accounts with foreign banks, nor does it intend to open or maintain
correspondent accounts for foreign financial institutions.
Currency Transaction Reports CTRs
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. §§ 1010.340, 1010.306
Resources: FinCENʼs BSA EFiling System
CTRs must be filed by broker-dealers for transactions in currency9 exceeding $10,00010 by or on
behalf of a customer during any one business day11. CAI does not accept cash. Therefore, CAI
currently has no obligation to file CTRs.
9 For purposes of this program, “currencyˮ means cash. See 31 C.F.R. § 1010.100(m).
10 31 C.F.R. § 1010.311
11 31 C.F.R. § 1010.313
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts Reports
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. §§ 1010.306, 1010.350, 1010.420
Resources: FinCENʼs BSA EFiling System
CAI does not have any financial accounts of more than $10,000, or for which CAI has signature or
other authority over, in a foreign country. If, in the future, CAI elects to open or engage in said
activity, CAI will file a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (“FBARˮ).
Monetary Instrument Purchases
Source(s):31 C.F.R. § 1010.415
Resource: 59 Fed. Reg. 52250 October 17, 1994 Final Rule; Amendments to BSA Regulations
Relating to Identification Required to Purchase Bank Checks and Drafts, Cashierʼs Checks, Money
Orders, and Travelerʼs Checks)
CAI does not issue bank checks or drafts, cashierʼs checks, money orders or travelerʼs checks.
Therefore, CAI has no obligation to file Money Instrument Purchases at this time.
Funds Transmittals of $3,000 or more under the Travel Rule
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1010.410(e) and (f);; FINRA Rule 3310.
The “Travel Ruleˮ requires financial institutions that affect funds transmittals of $3,000 or more to
transfer certain information to receiving financial institutions relating to such transmittals. Subject to
certain exemptions, broker-dealers must obtain and retain information relating to the funds
transmittal of $3,000 or more that are sent or received by or for an individual on any one business
day. CAIʼs customers may only transfer funds to their brokerage account with CAIʼs clearing and
carrying custodian through their Cash App stored balance. This transmittal of funds to facilitate the
Cash App stored balance funding is between the initiating domestic bank and Blockʼs designated
bank account; CAI is not involved in this flow of funds. Moreover, funds for securities transactions
are transmitted between Block and clearing firm partner(s) at the direction of CAI. Given the above,
the travel rule does not apply to CAI.
2.10. Suspicious Transactions and BSA Reporting Program
Suspicious Activity Reports (“SARsˮ)
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1023.320; 31 C.F.R. § 1010.430; 31 C.F.R. § 1010.540 (safe harbor)
Resources: FinCENʼs BSA EFiling System, , 67 Fed. Reg. 44048 July 1, 2002 Final Rule: Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network; Amendment to the Bank Secrecy Act Regulations – Requirement that
Brokers or Dealers in Securities Report Suspicious Transactions)
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

Potentially suspicious activity is investigated by a dedicated and trained team through the
enterprise-wide Block AML program. A SAR is filed within 30 days of detection if CAI knows,
suspects, or has reason to suspect that a transaction (or pattern of transactions):
● Involves criminal violations of any amount which involve insider abuse;
● Involves criminal violations aggregating $5,000 or more where a suspect can be identified;
● Involves criminal violations aggregating $5,000 or more regardless of a potential suspect;
● Involves funds derived from illegal activity, or is intended to hide or disguise funds or
assets derived from illegal activity, as part of a plan to violate or evade any federal law or
regulation, or to evade any transaction reporting requirement under federal law or
regulation;
● Is designed, whether by structuring or other means, to evade any requirements of the BSA;
● Serves no business or apparent lawful purpose, and CAI knows of no reasonable
explanation for the transaction after examining the available facts, including the
background and possible purpose of the transaction; or
● Involves the use of CAI to facilitate criminal activity.
Factors that contribute to the decision whether or not to file a SAR include the following:
● The size, frequency, and nature of the transaction;
● Escalations from internal teams as well as external partners;
● CAIʼs experience with the customer and other individuals associated with the transaction (if
any);
● The customerʼs relationship to other accounts on Blockʼs system; and
● The norm for such transactions within CAIʼs line of business and geographic area.
If one or more suspicious transactions are identified and meet any of the thresholds above, the
Officer or the designated team member(s) conducts a review of the transaction(s) to assess whether
a reportable suspicious event has occurred and determines whether or not a SAR should be filed. If it
is determined that a SAR should be filed, it must be filed no later than thirty calendar days after the
determination that a reportable suspicious event has occurred.
After the filing of a SAR, CAI maintains and securely stores the SAR and all corresponding supporting
evidence for a minimum of five years from the date of the filing.
For all cases in which CAI filed a SAR with FinCEN, a Continuing Activity Review is conducted in
accordance with FinCEN instructions and relevant guidance; and if necessary a Continuing Activity
SAR is filed to report continuation of the activity.
Continuing Activity Reviews commence 90 days after the prior filing date; and Continuing Activity
SARs are filed no later than 120 days after the previous SAR filing date. Continuing Activity Reviews
are required after every SAR filing, regardless if a Continuing Activity SAR has previously been filed.
The cycle of the investigation reopening every 90 days after a filing continues until the reportable
activity has ceased.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

If CAI files a SAR, neither CAI nor any director, officer, employee, or agent of CAI may notify any
person that the transaction has been reported on a SAR nor may admit or deny the fact that a SAR
has been filed. If CAI is subpoenaed or otherwise requested to disclose that a SAR has been filed or
the information contained in a SAR, except when such disclosure is requested by FinCEN or an
appropriate law enforcement or supervisory agency, CAI will decline to produce the SAR or to
provide any information that would disclose that a SAR has been prepared or filed. CAI will promptly
notify FinCEN of any such request and of CAIʼs response. When CAI files a SAR, CAI and any
director, officer, employee, or agent of CAI are protected from liability for any disclosure contained in
the report or for failure to provide notice of such disclosure to the person who is the subject of such
report.12
Joint Filing of SARs by Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Institutions
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1023.320; 31 C.F.R. § 1010.430; 31 C.F.R. § 1010.540
Based on the facts and circumstances, and when the circumstances meet generally acceptable
business practices, CAI may file a joint SAR with Block or clearing firm partner(s). Due to the nature
of the Block ecosystem, SARs are generally filed jointly between CAI and Block. CAI may choose to
share information about a particular suspicious transaction with Block, as appropriate, that is
involved in that particular transaction for purposes of determining whether a SAR will be filed jointly.
If CAI determines that it is appropriate to jointly file a SAR, CAI understands that the Firm cannot
disclose that a joint SAR was filed to any financial institution except Block. If CAI determines that it is
not appropriate to file jointly (e.g., because the SAR concerns CAI only), CAI understands that the
Firm cannot disclose that a SAR has been filed to any other financial institution.
Outside of the above, CAI will not otherwise file joint SARs.
Sharing SARs with Parent Companies
Resource: FinCENʼs BSA EFiling System, FinCEN Guidance on Sharing of Suspicious Activity
Reports by Securities Broker-Dealers, Futures Commission Merchants, and Introducing Brokers in
Commodities 1/20/2006
CAI may share SARs and suspected suspicious activities with Block when the Officer or designated
team deems it necessary under generally accepted business practices and as permitted under
applicable law.
Reporting and Record Retention
Rules: 31 C.F.R. § 1010.430; Exchange Act Rule 17a-8 (requiring registered broker-dealers subject to
the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 to comply with the BSA regulations
regarding reporting, recordkeeping and record retention requirements); FINRA Rule 3310.
12 31 U.S.C. 5318(g)(3)
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

Resources: 67 Fed. Reg. 44048 July 1, 2002 Final Rule: Financial Crimes Enforcement Network;
Amendment to the Bank Secrecy Act Regulations – Requirement that Brokers or Dealers in Securities
Report Suspicious Transactions)
CAI adheres to the BSAʼs reporting and recordkeeping obligations, which impose requirements on
broker-dealers for reports or records that have “a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, or
regulatory investigations or proceedings, or in the conduct of intelligence or counterintelligence
activities, including analysis, to protect against international terrorismˮ13. The BSAʼs reporting and
recordkeeping obligations include SARs. In addition, OFAC has its own reporting requirements for
various related activities. CAI complies with all applicable reporting and record retention obligations
imposed by the BSA and OFAC regulations.
CAI will keep other documents according to existing BSA and other recordkeeping requirements,
including certain FINRA and Exchange Act rules. See CAIʼs Written Supervisory Procedures for
further detail.
Exemptions from SAR Reporting
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1023.320
CAI is exempt from reporting a SAR for the following violations: 1 a robbery or burglary that is
committed or attempted and already reported to appropriate law enforcement authorities; 2 lost,
missing, counterfeit or stolen securities that the firm has reported pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
17f-1; and 3 violations of the Federal securities laws or self-regulatory organization (“SROˮ) rules by
the firm, its officers, directors, employees or registered representatives, that are reported
appropriately to the SEC or SRO, except for a violation of Exchange Act Rule 17a-8, which must be
reported on a SAR. If CAI relies on one of these exemptions, it will document that it relied on one of
these exemptions and will maintain records, for at least eighteen months, of its determination not to
file a SAR based on the exemption.
2.11. OFAC Checks, Reports, and Record-Keeping
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 501.603; 31 C.F.R. § 501.604;SEC AML Source Tool for Broker-Dealers, Item 12;
OFAC Lists web page (including links to the Specially Designated Nationals (“SDNˮ) List and lists of
sanctioned countries); FINRAʼs OFAC Search Tool. See also the following OFAC forms: Report of
Blocked Transactions Form; Report of Rejected Transactions Form; Annual Report of Blocked
Property Form; OFAC Guidance Regarding Foreign Assets Control Regulations for the Securities
Industry.
Sanctions processes for Cash App customers, including CAI customers, are centralized under the
Block Sanctions and/or KYC Teams. Block maintains procedures to subject customers to sanctions
screening upon onboarding of the Cash App account and on an ongoing basis during the customerʼs
relationship with Block, in order to determine whether a CAI customer is a potential match against
the OFAC List.
13 31 U.S.C. § 5311
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

When potential sanctions hits are identified, the sanctions hits are fully investigated and
dispositioned by the Cash App Sanctions teams and escalated to the Global Block Sanctions team
where applicable. If a customerʼs sanctions hit is confirmed to be a true match, CAI will immediately
take appropriate actions including account freezing, blocking transactions, account deactivation,
and reporting to relevant regulatory authorities. The following recordkeeping and reporting
obligations14 will also be met:
● Persons engaged in a transaction with an individual or entity on an OFAC List must keep all
records of the transaction, regardless of whether the transaction was licensed by OFAC, for
a period of five years15;
● Persons who have rejected a proscribed transaction, or hold property that is blocked under
an OFAC-administered program, must retain all records of the transaction for five years
from the date of the rejected transaction or, in the event of a blocking, for the period of the
blocking plus five years16; and
● Holders of blocked property must report the blocking to OFAC within 10 business days of
the blocking, and must file an annual report of blocked funds to OFAC17.
Under OFAC regulations, United States persons are not only prohibited from engaging in transactions
with SDNs, but may also be prohibited from “facilitatingˮ or “brokeringˮ transactions with sanctioned
parties. This means that once CAI has determined it cannot engage in a transaction with a particular
CAI customer, because they are identified as a true positive SDN, CAI must refrain from providing the
SDN with any services. Accordingly, CAI will coordinate with clearing firm partner(s) to reject any
pending or future transaction(s) in the account(s) and/or block the customer's assets leveraging
Blockʼs established controls as well as established controls at clearing firm partner(s). Additionally,
Block will file a blocked asset and/or rejected transaction report with OFAC on CAIʼs behalf within 10
business days. For blocked assets, Block will file the report within 10 business days of the assets
held at CAIʼs clearing firm partner(s) being moved to a segregated, blocked account. In the event of
a rejection, the report will be filed within 10 business days of the transaction being rejected. CAI
does not hold property.
Comparison with Government-Provided Lists of Terrorists
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1023.220(a)(4)
At such time that CAI receives notice that a federal government agency has issued a list of known or
suspected terrorists and identified the list as a list for CIP purposes, CAI will, within a reasonable
period of time after an account is opened (or earlier, if required by another federal law or regulation
or federal directive issued in connection with an applicable list), determine whether a customer
appears on any such list of known or suspected terrorists or terrorist organizations issued by any
federal government agency and designated as such by Treasury in consultation with the federal
functional regulators. CAI will follow all federal directives issued in connection with such lists. CAI
14 These obligations are set forth in 31 C.F.R. Part 501, Subpart C.
15 31 C.F.R. 501.601
16 Several programs have “blockingˮ provisions. These provisions deem assets in which an embargoed or sanctioned individual or
entity over which the U.S. has jurisdiction has an interest to be “blockedˮ or “frozen.ˮ Under these blocking provisions, the sanctioned
individual or entity retains title to the assets, but the assets are placed in an interest-bearing account, and the blocking must be
reported to OFAC.
17 31 C.F.R. 501.603(a)-(b)
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

will continue to comply separately with OFAC rules prohibiting transactions with certain foreign
countries or their nationals.
2.12. Special Section 314(a) Procedures, Special Measures and Law Enforcement Requests
Section 311, 314(a) and 314(b) Requirements
Section 314 of the USA PATRIOT Act encourages information sharing between regulatory bodies or
law enforcement authorities and financial institutions to deter money laundering and terrorist activity.
FinCENʼs regulations18 under Section 314(a) require financial institutions to search their records and
produce certain documents and records on demand (each, a “Section 314(a) Requestˮ), and
FinCENʼs regulations19 under Section 314(b) provide an information sharing process and safe harbor
from liability, whereby financial institutions who elect to participate may share information with one
another.20
If CAI receives a Section 314(a) Request, CAI will observe the process outlined in the sections below
and within relevant procedure documents. Participation in the information sharing process within
Section 314(b) is voluntary; CAI has elected to not participate at this time but is considering future
participation.
Special Measures under Section 311 do not apply to CAI because business activity does not occur
outside of the United States; therefore, no activity is conducted in any of the listed jurisdictions.
Designation of Section 314(a) Contact Person
The Officer is CAIʼs Section 314(a) contact person for receipt of all Section 314(a) Requests21 and
shall provide to FinCEN their name, contact information, and such other information as FinCEN may
request.22
Action Upon Receipt of a Section 314(a) Request
Upon receipt of a Section 314(a) Request, the Officer or their designee will search CAIʼs records to
determine both whether it (i) maintains or has maintained any account for, or (ii) has engaged in any
transaction with, each individual named in the Section 314(a) Request (iii) and report any positive
matches via FinCENʼs Web-based 314(a) Secure Information Sharing System. For accounts, the
scope of the search must include both current accounts as well as any maintained in the preceding
twelve months.23 For transactions, the scope of the search must include any transactions that
occurred in the preceding six months.24 If CAIʼs Section 314(a) records search identifies an account
or a transaction pertaining to any individual named in the Section 314(a) Request, the Officer must
18 31 C.F.R. § 1010.520
19 31 C.F.R. § 1010.540
20 Participation in the information sharing process within Section 314(b) is voluntary; CAI has elected to not participate.
21 31 C.F.R. § 1010.520 (b)(3)(iii)
22 31 C.F.R. § 1010.520 (b)(3)(iii)
23 31 C.F.R. § 1010.520(b)(3)(i)(A)
24 31 C.F.R. § 1010.520(b)(3)(i)(B)
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

report the affirmative nature of the search results, together with pertinent identifying information25 to
FinCEN, within 14 days or within the timeframe and in the manner specified by FinCEN.
Section 314(a) Request Record Retention
For each Section 314(a) Request that CAI receives, CAI shall retain a copy of and/or document the
resulting information in CAIʼs 314(a) Log:
● The Section 314(a) Request; and
● The results and record of Section 314(a) searches against CAIʼs customers, including
○ the tracking number, the date of the search, any potential customer, transaction, or
entity matches identified during the search, the resolution of corresponding
investigations, the number of customer accounts searched, and any true matches
identified, information regarding the corresponding investigation and the date any
true match was reported to FinCEN.
CAI shall retain all Section 314(a) documents for a period of five years following the last response or
communication with FinCEN regarding the Section 314(a) Request in compliant storage.
Limitations on Use of Information Provided by FinCEN
CAI shall not use any of the information obtained from FinCEN in any Section 314(a) Request, except
for the following purposes:
● Making its Section 314(a) report to FinCEN;
● Determining whether to establish or maintain an account or engage in a transaction; or
● Complying with any other BSA statutory or regulatory requirements as detailed below.26
CAI will not disclose that FinCEN has requested or obtained information from it, except to the extent
necessary to comply with the information request. The designated team will review, maintain and
implement procedures to protect the security and confidentiality of requests from FinCEN similar to
those procedures established to satisfy the requirements of Section 501 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act with regard to the protection of customersʼ nonpublic information.
CAI will direct any questions regarding 314(a) Requests to the requesting federal law enforcement
agency as designated in the request. Unless otherwise stated in the 314(a) Request, CAI will not treat
the information request as continuing in nature, and will not treat the periodic 314(a) Requests as a
government provided list of suspected terrorists for purposes of the customer identification and
verification requirements.
25 31 C.F.R. § 1010.520 (b)(3)(ii)
26 31 C.F.R. § 1010.520 (b)(3)(iv)
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

When a positive 314(a) match is made, the designated team(s) will conduct an investigation of the
customer subject to the subpoena as well as review the customerʼs account activity. If any
suspicious activity is uncovered during the risk assessment and review, the designated team will file
a SAR in accordance with the SAR filing requirements. No reference will be made to the existence of
the 314(a) match in any part of the SAR, including the narrative. The SAR will only contain detailed
information about the facts and circumstances of the detected suspicious activity.
Law Enforcement Requests, Subpoenas, and National Security Letters
CAI has established policies, procedures, and processes for identifying subjects of law enforcement
requests, subpoenas, and national security letters. In most instances, when CAI receives a law
enforcement request, subpoena, or national security letter, it involves a request for copies of
account records related to an activity that has occurred on the brokerage account or information
associated with the account holder. While CAIʼs timely responsiveness to subpoenas is a
fundamental priority, the Block Law Enforcement Response Team will first scrutinize any request to
ensure its validity and will only provide information that is within its scope. When a valid request is
received, it is CAIʼs policy to partner with government and law enforcement agencies in the spirit of
cooperation to prevent abuse and misuse of CAIʼs systems and services. The designated handler of
all incoming requests for information and associated legal process is the Block Law Enforcement
Response Team. The Block Law Enforcement Response Team will escalate to the SAR team for a
review of account activity to determine if SAR filing is warranted. Absent specific record retention
requirements, CAI retains these documents for no less than six years from the final actions in
compliant storage.
National Security Letters
Source(s): FinCEN SAR Activity Review, Trends, Tips & Issues, Issue 8 National Security Letters and
Suspicious Activity Reporting) 4/2005
National Security Letters NSLs are written investigative demands that may be issued by the local
Federal Bureau of Investigation FBI and other federal government authorities conducting
counterintelligence and counterterrorism investigations to obtain, among other things, financial
records of broker-dealers.
CAI understands that the receipt of a National Security Letter (“NSLˮ) is highly confidential. CAI
understands that none of its officers, employees or agents may directly or indirectly disclose to any
person that the FBI or other federal government authority has sought or obtained access to any of its
records. Broker-dealers that receive NSLs must have policies and procedures in place for processing
and maintaining the confidentiality of NSLs. As such, NSLs will be reviewed and handled on a
case-to-case basis. The Block Law Enforcement Response Team is responsible for responding to
NSLs and escalating to the Officer or designated person or team(s) when a SAR may be warranted.
Questions regarding NSLs are to be directed to the local FBI field office. Disclosure to the target of
the NSL is prohibited. Disclosure to others, including employees, must be only to those involved in
the fulfillment of the NSL. Accounts must not be adversely affected, either by restriction or closure,
based on the receipt of an NSL.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

After an escalation from the Block Law Enforcement Response Team, the Officer or designated
person or team(s) may determine that a SAR should be filed, but the SAR will not contain any
reference to the receipt or existence of the NSL. Mere receipt of an NSL does not, by itself, require
the filing of a SAR by CAI. Nonetheless, NSLs are a piece of information that may be relevant to a
broker-dealerʼs overall risk assessment of its customers and accounts. It is incumbent upon CAI to
assess the information in accordance with its risk-based anti-money laundering program, its policies
and procedures, and to determine whether a SAR should be filed based on the totality of information
available to the institution.
Grand Jury Subpoenas
Source(s): FinCEN SAR Activity Review, Trends, Tips & Issues, Issue 10 Grand Jury Subpoenas and
Suspicious Activity Reporting) 5/2006
CAI understands that, generally, grand jury proceedings are confidential and that none of its officers,
employees, or agents may directly or indirectly disclose to the person who is the subject of the
subpoena its existence, its contents or the information used to respond to it unless otherwise
allowed by law. The Block Law Enforcement Response Team will be responsible for responding to,
processing and maintaining the subpoena, handling each on a case-by-case basis.
Similar to NSLs, the mere receipt of a grand jury subpoena concerning a customer does not, by
itself, require the filing of a SAR. When CAI receives a grand jury subpoena, the Officer or designated
person or team(s) will conduct an investigation of the customer subject to the subpoena as well as
review the customerʼs account activity. If any suspicious activity is uncovered during the review, the
Officer or designated person or team(s) will file a SAR in accordance with the SAR filing
requirements. No reference to the receipt or existence of the grand jury subpoena should be made in
any part of the SAR, including the narrative. The SAR will only contain detailed information about the
facts and circumstances of the detected suspicious activity.
2.13. BSA/AML Education and Training Program
Source(s):: FINRA Rule 3310; 31 C.F.R. § 1023.210(b)(3)
Resources: See FinCEN SAR Narrative Guidance Package 11/2003, FinCEN Suggestions for
Addressing Common Errors Noted in Suspicious Activity Reporting 10/10/2007, FinCEN's 2012 SAR
filing instructions, FinCEN SAR Advisory FIN2023A003
All persons associated with CAI, including contractors, receive Blockʼs BSA/AML and OFAC training
(“BSA/AML Trainingˮ) at least once per calendar year.27 The BSA/AML Training is provided to each
new full-time employee and contractor within a reasonable timeframe after their start date and
thereafter each calendar year. The education and training program is the responsibility of the Officer,
although the Officer may delegate certain training functions. Additionally, CAI-specific BSA/AML and
red flags training is delivered to appropriate staff members on an annual basis, including the Board.
The Officer or their designee creates a record of each BSA/AML Training session and retains all such
27 The BSA Compliance Officer may grant exemptions to full-time employees and contractors if it is determined that their degree of
responsibility for BSA/AML and OFAC compliance is low or negligible. Exemption records are retained for five years.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

records for six years from the date of completion of the training. Each BSA/AML Training session
records shall include a copy of the content of the training, the date training was conducted, and a
participation record of all persons who received the training.
The depth and content of the BSA/AML Training depends on the degree of responsibility each
individual has for BSA/AML and OFAC compliance. To ensure that the content of the BSA/AML
Training remains current, the Officer stays abreast of developments in the BSA, economic sanctions,
and other related matters, and updates the BSA/AML Training, as appropriate.
2.14. Independent Testing and Review
Independent Testing
Source(s):31 C.F.R. § 1023.210(b)(2); FINRA Rule 3310
CAI engages with Block and Internal Audit to facilitate an annual independent evaluation of the
overall adequacy and effectiveness of CAIʼsBSA/AML compliance program, including policies,
programs and procedures. This independent evaluation includes testing of compliance with
applicable reporting, recordkeeping, and program requirements of the BSA and FINRA Rule 3310, this
program, and all supporting procedures.
After CAI has received its independent testing and AML report, the designated team will report its
findings to senior management and the Board. The Officer or designee(s) will promptly address each
of the resulting recommendations and keep a record of how each noted deficiency was addressed
and/or resolved.
Independent testing will be performed more frequently than annually if warranted.
2.15. Additional Areas of Risk
Confidential Reporting of AML Non-Compliance
Source(s): 31 C.F.R. § 1023.210; FINRA Rule 3310
Employees must promptly report any potential violations of CAIʼs AML compliance program to the
Officer, unless the violations implicate the Officer, in which case the employee shall report the issue
to the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Operating Officer, or designee. Reports may also be made to
appropriate Block personnel as warranted. Such reports will be confidential, and the employee will
suffer no retaliation for making them. Reports can also be made to Block via Blockʼs Ethics Line at
https://ethics.block.xyz/.
Monitoring Employee Conduct and Accounts
Source(s):31 C.F.R. § 1023.320; 31 C.F.R § 1023.210; FINRA Rule 3310
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

CAI subjects employee accounts to the same AML procedures as customer accounts, under the
supervision of the Officer or designee. The Officerʼs accounts will be reviewed by an appropriate
registered principal that does not report to the Officer.
2.16. Associated Policies and Procedures
This Program is applied in conjunction with further internal policies and procedures for combating
money laundering and criminal activity enacted, maintained, and observed by CAI and Block (as
applicable).
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Board of Managers of Cash App Investing LLC (“Boardˮ):
○ The Board is primarily responsible for ensuring that Cash App Investing LLC
establishes and maintains a comprehensive and effective AML/CTF compliance
program, and an oversight framework reasonably designed to ensure compliance
with applicable federal and state laws and regulations.
○ In fulfilling these responsibilities, the Board shall:
■ Establish and promote a culture of AML/CTF compliance, emphasizing the
importance of sound governance, appropriate documentation and effective
management of related risks;
■ Ensure that senior management is qualified, experienced, and empowered
to manage the compliance risks arising from each relevant jurisdictionʼs
activities;
■ Appoint a qualified and capable BSA/AML Compliance Officer with
sufficient authority, independence and resources to coordinate, implement
and oversee the AML/CFT program and related activities; and,
■ Review program effectiveness by periodically reviewing reports on the
effectiveness of the AML/CFT program, including results of independent
testing, internal audit and regulatory examinations, and ensure that
identified issues are promptly addressed.
● BSA/AML Compliance Officer:
○ The BSA/AML Compliance Officer (“the Officerˮ) is a suitably experienced and
qualified person who is appointed by the CAI Board of Managers and who is
responsible for the oversight of day-to-day AML Compliance.
○ The BSA/AML Compliance Officer will provide assistance and support in
implementing this Program across the organization and shall be responsible for
establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that the Firmʼs operations
reflect the Firmʼs commitment to compliance and that all employees are aware of
that commitment and their individual responsibility.
○ The BSA/AML Compliance Officer is responsible for monitoring and reporting on
compliance with this Program. The BSA/AML Compliance Officer may delegate to
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement procedures and reporting
that support this Program.
● Senior Management:
○ Senior management, which includes key members of CAIʼs management team, is
responsible for communicating and reinforcing the AML/CTF compliance culture
established by the Board. Additionally, they are responsible for implementing and
enforcing approved AML/CTF compliance policies and programs.
● Staff:
○ Staff members play a crucial role in the detection and prevention of money
laundering and terrorist financing violations. Staff members are responsible for
paying particular attention to customer behavior or transactions that may be
unusual or warrant additional scrutiny, and must not knowingly provide advice or
other assistance to individuals who attempt to violate local laws, or CAIʼs related
policies, programs, or procedures. Staff members may not deliberately or
inadvertently disclose information to any third party, including account holders, that
may prejudice an investigation including but not limited to disclosing that a
Suspicious Activity Report SAR has been filed or alerting of the suspicion of
prohibited or illegal activity. Staff members are required to undergo appropriate
background checks in order to mitigate significant risks related to the subject
matter of this program.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least triennially and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Andrew Nerys (…Compliance Creation Creation of May 24, 2024
Analyst document
(consolidation of
historical
document)
Ashley Adkins (s Chief Compliance Initial Approval Approval of June 24, 2024
Officer and document
BSA/AML Officer,
Cash App
Investing
Ashley Adkins (s Chief Compliance Material Change… Annual review and January 3, 2025
Officer and program updates
BSA/AML Officer,
Cash App
Investing
Christine Delaney BSA/AML Officer, Scheduled Revi… Annual review and March 27, 2026
Cash App program updates,
Investing including to reflect
CAIʼs partnership
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC

Ashley Adkins (s Chief Compliance Scheduled Revi… with multiple March 27, 2026
Officer and clearing broker(s)
BSA/AML Officer, and adjustments
Cash App
to CRR scoring
Investing
Document Details:
Business Cash App Investing LLC
Scope United States
Compliance Domain Anti-Financial Crimes
Document Owner Christine Delaney
Approved By The Officer
Document Tier Tier 3
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Program | Cash App Investing LLC