Australian Anti-Money
Laundering & Counter-Terrorism
Financing Policies – Foreign
Entity
Afterpay | Afterpay Canada Limited
26 March 2026
Last Approval Date
2069174226

Revision & Approval History
Ver. Approver Type Description Date
1.0 Board Creation New Australian AML/CTF Program 29 July 2020
2.0 Board Scheduled Annual review with minor administrative 10 August 2021
Review updates, new template
3.0 Board Material Change Appointment of new AML/CTF Offi cer; 7 December 2022
Approval annual review with minor administrative
updates
3.0 Immaterial New Template Only 31 August 2023
Change
Approval
4.0 AML/CTF Scheduled Annual review and minor administrative 15 November
Complianc Review changes to bring the program up to 2023
e Officer date.
Appointment of new AML/CTF
Board 18 December
Compliance Officer.
2023
Removal of requirement to present
program to Afterpay Pty Ltd Board for
noting.
Addition of reference to Blockʼs Internal
Audit team and removal of requirement
to have independent review occur at
the same time as the Canada local
program review.
Removal of references to Merchants in
Part B, as designated service is only
provided to Consumers.
5.0 AML/CTF Scheduled Annual review and minor administrative 18 November
Complianc Review changes to bring the program up to 2024
e Officer date.
Board 13 January 2025
6 Board] Material Change Redrafted the Program to AML/CTF 26 March 2026
Approval Policies to comply with updated
AML/CTF Laws
30 March 2026
Senior
Manager,
Afterpay
CA AML
Program

Questions
Any questions arising from these AML/CTF Policies, please contact the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
or [a/the] Senior Manager.

Contents
Section A Overview of the Afterpay CA AML/CTF Program 1
Section B Governance 6
Section C ML/TF Risk Assessment 11
Section D Travel Rule 15
Section E Reporting 19
Section F Outsourcing and record keeping 22
Section G Matters not dealt with in these AML/CTF Policies 23
Section H Definitions 24
Schedule 1 – ML/TF Risk Assessment – summary 27
Schedule 2 – Designated Services 30
Schedule 3 – Afterpay CA Senior Managers and AML/CTF Compliance Officer 31
1

Overview of the Afterpay CA AML/CTF
Section A
Program
1. Overview of the AML/CTF Program
1.1 About Afterpay CA
Afterpay Canada Limited BN - BC1246445 (Afterpay CA, we, or us) is a reporting entity enrolled on
the Reporting Entity Roll managed by AUSTRAC for the purposes of AML/CTF Laws.
Afterpay CA is a subsidiary of Afterpay Pty Ltd, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Block, Inc. It is
a non-bank institution that offers short-term loans (also referred to as ‘Low Cost Credit Contractsʼ or
‘Buy Now Pay Later Contractsʼ under the National Credit Code), but does not hold a banking licence.
Afterpay CA offers a ‘Buy Now, Pay Laterʼ (BNPL) product service that allows a Customer to make an
interest free purchases using a short-term, low value loans at a participating merchant and to repay
the loan to Afterpay CA for them over four fortnightly instalments.
Although Afterpay CA is registered, and operates in Canada (CA) and is subject to CA laws, the
AML/CTF Law extend to the activities of a subsidiary of an Australian resident company insofar as
that subsidiary provides a Designated Service at or through a permanent establishment of that
subsidiary in a country other than Australia. Afterpay CA is a subsidiary of Afterpay Pty Ltd ACN 618
280 649, an Australian resident company, and it provides certain Designated Services at or through
its permanent establishment in CA.
Customers ordinarily fund the repayment of the instalments to Afterpay CA from debit or credit cards.
Afterpay CA directly pays the merchant for the purchase price of the goods (less a fee), and assumes
the credit risk. Afterpay CA settles these funds to the merchantʼs nominated bank account by
providing instructions to its local bank partner to make those payments.
Afterpay CAʼs BNPL product is available exclusively online (not in-store) at participating merchants
and can only be accessed through an Afterpay account.
1.2 Afterpay CA AML/CTF Program
The Afterpay CA AML/CTF Program comprises:
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment of Afterpay CA,1 as summarised in Schedule 1; and
● these AML/CTF Policies. These AML/CTF Policies have been designed to:
o appropriately manage and mitigate the risks of ML/TF/PF that Afterpay CA may
reasonably face in providing its Designated Services. Each Designated Service
that Afterpay CA provides (or may provide) to Customers are set out in
Schedule 2;2
o ensure that Afterpay CA complies with the obligations imposed by the AML/CTF
Laws;3 and
1 AML/CTF Act, ss 26C – 26E.
2 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(a).
3 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(b).
1

o be appropriate to the nature, size and complexity of the Afterpay CA business.4
Afterpay CA must comply with these AML/CTF Policies.5
1.3 Application of these AML/CTF Policies
The Afterpay CA AML/CTF Program, including these AML/CTF Policies, was formally approved and
adopted by the Governing Body on 26 March 2026 and Senior Manager of Afterpay CA on 30 March
2026.
The full amendment and approval history of these AML/CTF Policies can be found at the beginning of
this document. Afterpay CA keeps a record of these approvals. The Designated Services provided by
Afterpay CA are listed in Schedule 2.
1.4 Enrolment with AUSTRAC
Afterpay CA is enrolled with AUSTRAC as a Reporting Entity.6
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that the AUSTRAC CEO is notified of any changes to
enrolment details within 14 days of the change occurring.7
As a Reporting Entity enrolled with AUSTRAC, we will advise the AUSTRAC CEO of any changes to the
enrolment details which were provided to AUSTRAC when we are enrolled as a Reporting Entity.8 This
includes information about our Designated Services,9 and information relating to us.10 It also includes
updating our annual earnings where earnings of $100 million or more occur.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that the AUSTRAC CEO is notified of any changes to the
above enrolment details within 14 days of the change occurring.11
2. Updates to the AML/CTF Program
2.1 Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment
The ML/TF Risk Assessment will be kept under review and updated from time to time as described in
Section C of these AML/CTF Policies.
Updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment:
● may be made with the approval of a Senior Manager with authority to do so. Senior
Managers with such authority are specified in Schedule 3;12
● must be notified, in writing, to the Governing Body of Afterpay CA as soon as practicable
after the update is made; and13
● will result in a review and update of these AML/CTF Policies in accordance with 2.2.14
2.2 Updates to AML/CTF Policies
These AML/CTF Policies will be kept under review and updated from time to time including:
● as a result of any need identified as part of the AML/CTF Compliance Officerʼs review as
described in section 2.3;
4 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(c). AML/CTF Act, s 26F(1)(d) also requires the Reporting Entity to develop and maintain AML/CTF Policies that deal
with certain matters in respect of transfer of value. The Designated Services we provide do not trigger this obligation.
5 AML/CTF Act, s 26G(1).
6 AML/CTF Act, s 51B.
7 AML/CTF Act, s 51F(2)(a).
8 AML/CTF Act, s 51F.
9 AML/CTF Rules, r 3-9(1) which specifies information in r 3-2.
10 AML/CTF Rules, r 3-9(1) which specifies information in r 3-3.
11 AML/CTF Act, ss 51F(2)(a) and 75M(4)(a).
12 AML/CTF Act, s 26P(1)
13 AML/CTF Act, s 26P(2)
14 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(c)(i).
2

● in response to AUSTRAC feedback and guidance as described in section 3;
● following an independent evaluation as described in section 4; and
● in response to a review of the ML/TF Risk Assessment as described in section 8.
Changes to the AML/CTF Policies must be approved by a Senior Manager with authority to do so.
Senior Managers with such authority are specified in Schedule 3.15
2.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer review
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will ensure that a review of the AML/CTF Policies is conducted at
least annually.16 This review will cover:
● our compliance with these AML/CTF Policies;
● the extent to which our AML/CTF Policies are appropriately managing and mitigating the
ML/TF/PF risk that we may reasonably face in providing our designated services; and
● our compliance with the AML/CTF Laws.17
Following this review, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must report to the Governing Body on the
findings of this review in accordance with section 5.3.
2.4 Documenting updates to the AML/CTF Program
If we update the AML/CTF Program (including these AML/CTF Policies or the ML/TF Risk
Assessment), we will document the AML/CTF Program (as updated) within 14 days after the update
occurs.18
2.5 Role of supporting systems and processes
These AML/CTF Policies will be supported by internal procedures, systems and controls to ensure
that Afterpay CA implements its obligations consistently with these AML/CTF Policies. These
supporting arrangements include, but are not limited to:
● Afterpay CA – Consumer Customer Risk Rating framework;
● Afterpay CA - Global Consumer Risk Rating Due Diligence Program ECDD/OCDD
● Afterpay CA - Ongoing Customer Due Diligence SOP
● Afterpay CA - Enhanced Customer Due Diligence SOP
● Afterpay CA - Global Transaction Monitoring Rulebook
● Afterpay CA - Consumer Watchlist Screening Instructions
● Afterpay CA - Unusual Activity Report Instructions
Any changes to the supporting internal procedures, systems and controls will be documented in those
materials.
The governance of changes to those supporting internal procedures, systems and controls will be
documented in those materials. Provided that the supporting internal procedures, systems and
controls operate consistently with these AML/CTF Policies, changes to those processes, systems and
controls may not require the approval of a Senior Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, we will ensure
that any material changes to our policies, procedures, systems and controls to manage the ML/TF
Risk will be approved by a Senior manager and/or the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
15 AML/CTF Act, s 26P(1)
16 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(3)(d).
17 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-7.
18 AML/CTF Act, s 26N(1); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-15(2).
3

3. AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
3.1 Incorporation of AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
Our AML/CTF Policies have been developed and are updated taking into account:
● any applicable guidance material publicly disseminated or published by AUSTRAC; and
● any feedback we receive from AUSTRAC in respect of our own business or the industry
we operation in;
that is relevant to the identification, mitigation and management of ML/TF/PF risk arising from our
provision of Designated Services. We do this by following the process set out below in section 3.2.
3.2 Actioning AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
Following receipt of direct AUSTRAC feedback (either written or oral) or becoming aware of
applicable AUSTRAC guidance, a Senior Manager and/or the AML/CTF Compliance Officer (as
appropriate) will:
● have regard to the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance in determining whether an update to
the AML/CTF Program is necessary;
● consider the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance and any necessary action that we will need
to take to ensure ongoing compliance with AML/CTF Laws including incorporating the
feedback or guidance into any applicable assessments of PF/ML/TF risk, or underlying
processes, systems or controls;
● consult with AUSTRAC as is appropriate in the circumstances;
● provide a report containing the relevant details of the AUSTRAC feedback and the
AML/CTF Compliance Officerʼs recommendations in relation to the action to be taken (if
any) in respect of the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance, to the Governing Body within 30
business days of receiving the feedback; and
● maintain a register to document the information that has been communicated by
AUSTRAC.
Where it is appropriate to do so, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may inform AUSTRAC of any action
we have taken (or have decided to take), including but not limited to updating the AML/CTF Program,
in relation to the AUSTRAC feedback or guidance.
4. Independent evaluations
4.1 Frequency of independent evaluations
We will conduct independent evaluations of the AML/CTF Program including both the ML/TF Risk
Assessment and the AML/CTF Policies every 2 years.19
19 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(f).
4

Section B
Governance
5. Governing body
5.1 Responsibilities of Governing Bodies
The Governing Body will exercise appropriate ongoing oversight of:
● our identification and assessment of the risk for the purposes of our ML/TF Risk
Assessment; and
● our compliance with our AML/CTF Policies and the AML/CTF Laws.20
The Governing Body will take reasonable steps to ensure that we are:
● appropriately identifying, assessing, managing and mitigating the risks of ML/TF/ PF that
that we may reasonably face in providing designated services; and
● otherwise complying with these AML/CTF Policies and the AML/CTF Laws.21
5.2 Governing Body remaining informed
The Governing Body will keep informed through:
● the ongoing reporting by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, as described in section 5.3;
● updates provided from Senior Managers, including as part of updating the Governing
Body as part of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment described in section 9.3; and
● ongoing training provided to the Governing Body, as described in section 19. Training for
the Governing Body will be appropriately tailored for the roles and responsibilities of the
Governing Body and will occur at least annually or otherwise upon request of any of the
Afterpay CA board members.
5.3 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body
The Governing Body will receive reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer in accordance with
the following:22
No. Frequency Content
1. At least every 12 months The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will report to the
Governing Body on the outcome of the annual review
undertaken as described in section 2.3. The report to the
Governing Body will cover:
● our compliance with these AML/CTF Policies;
● the extent to which our AML/CTF Policies are
appropriately managing and mitigating the risks
of ML/TF/PF that we may reasonably face in
providing our designated services; and
● our compliance with the AML/CTF Laws.23
20 AML/CTF Act, s 26H(1)(a).
21 AML/CTF Act, s 26H(1)(b),
22 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-7.
23 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-7.
5

No. Frequency Content
2. Quarterly The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will provide periodic
updates covering the following, to the extent relevant to the
reporting period:
● reports of, or the results from, independent
reviews, internal reviews or compliance
assessments, or other assessments as to our
current state of compliance with the AML/CTF
Laws;
● reviews of the AML/CTF framework including
identification of, and progress in relation to,
AML/CTF processes, systems and controls or
other aspects of AML/CTF compliance requiring
uplift;
● AUSTRAC feedback, the management of
AUSTRAC feedback and information provided to
AUSTRAC (such as AML/CTF compliance
reports or responses to notices) in accordance
with section 3;
● relevant business trends which may include
operational metrics (for example, SMRs);
● relevant regulatory changes, market
developments or identification of new risk
typologies;
● identification and/or reporting of breaches of
AML/CTF Laws in accordance with section 9
and how relevant incidents are being
remediated and monitored; and
● any other subject matter that the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer considers appropriate to
bring to the Governing Bodyʼs attention.
3. Following an independent The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will report to the
evaluation Governing Body on the outcome of an independent
evaluation undertaken in accordance with section 4 as soon
as practicable of the independent evaluation report being
received.
4. Ad hoc at the request of the Any updates otherwise contemplated under rows 1, 2 or 3
AML/CTF Compliance above in this table outside the scheduled reporting periods
Officer, a Senior Manager as identified by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, a Senior
or the Governing Body. Manager or the Governing Body as being necessary or
appropriate in the circumstances.
All reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be provided with sufficient detail to enable the
Governing Body to engage with the information and enable the Governing Body to understand
ML/TF/PF risks and existing or developing compliance considerations.
6

6. Senior Managers
6.1 Overview of Senior Managers
We have identified Senior Managers with responsibility for making approvals of certain matters. The
Senior Managers have been identified as individuals who make, or participate in making, decisions
that affect the whole, or a substantial part, of the business of Afterpay CA.
Afterpay CA will have at least one Senior Manager designated to it. The roles and responsibilities of
each Senior Manager may differ. The names of the Senior Managers, and their approval authorities,
are set out in Schedule 3.
6.2 Designation of Senior Managers for approving AML/CTF Program
Our ML/TF Risk Assessment and AML/CTF Policies, including any updates to either, must be
approved by a Senior Manager.
Senior Managers responsible for approving:
● the AML/CTF Policies (including any updates to these); and
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment (including any updates to these),24
are specified in Schedule 3.
6.3 Ongoing matters requiring approval of Senior Manager
The approval of a Senior Manager will be obtained before we enter into an agreement or arrangement
of the kind referred to in paragraph 37A1a of the AML/CTF Act as the first entity.25
Senior Managers with authority to give this approval are specified in Schedule 3.
7. AML/CTF Compliance Officer
7.1 Designation of AML/CTF Compliance Officer
We must designate an AML/CTF Compliance Officer26 no later than 28 days after the day on which we
commence to provide a designated service.27
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer we appoint will be:
● a person employed or otherwise engaged by Afterpay CA at a management level;28
● a person with sufficient authority, independence and access to resources and
information to ensure the individual can perform the functions of an AML/CTF
Compliance Officer effectively;29 and
● a fit and proper person.30
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will be appointed by the Governing Body.
7.2 Fit and proper requirement
To determine if an individual is a fit and proper person to be an AML/CTF Compliance Officer we will
have regard to:
24 AML/CTF Act, ss 26F(4)(c) and 26P(1).
25 AML/CTF Act, s 37A(1)(a): This is where there is a reliance arrangement between 2 reporting entities and the first reporting entity is seeking
to rely on the CDD undertaken by the other entity.
26 AML/CTF Act, ss 26J(1) and 26F(4)(b).
27 AML/CTF Act, s 26K(2).
28 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(2)(a).
29 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(2)(b).
30 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(b).
7

● whether the individual possesses the necessary competence, skills, knowledge,
diligence, expertise and soundness of judgement to properly perform the duties of the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer for Afterpay CA (having regard to the nature, size and
complexity of Afterpay CA;
● whether the individual has the attributes of good character, honesty and integrity;
● whether the individual has been convicted of a serious offence;31
● whether the individual has been the subject of civil or criminal proceedings, or a
regulatory or disciplinary process in Australia or a foreign country that:
o related to the management of an entity, or commercial or professional activity;
and
o involved an adverse finding as to the individualʼs competence, diligence,
judgement, honesty or integrity;
● whether the individual is an undischarged bankrupt under the law of Australia or a
foreign country;
● whether the individual has executed a personal insolvency agreement under Part X of
the Bankruptcy Act 1966 Cth or a similar law of a foreign country; and
● whether the individual has a conflict of interest that will create a material risk that the
individual will fail to properly perform the duties of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer for
Afterpay CA.32
7.3 Functions of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will:
● oversee and coordinate Afterpay CAʼs day-to-day compliance with the AML/CTF Laws;
● oversee and coordinate the effective operation of and compliance with Afterpay CAʼs
AML/CTF Policies;
● communicate, on behalf of Afterpay CA with AUSTRAC; and
● do anything incidental to or conducive to the performance of any of the above
functions.33
7.4 AML/CTF Compliance Officer reporting to Governing Body
The Governing Body will receive reports from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer as described in
section 4.3.34
7.5 Delegation of duties
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may delegate any of their duties to appropriately trained and skilled
Afterpay CA Personnel as they see fit and if appropriate, in the context of Afterpay CAʼs business
operations and AML/CTF compliance.
In addition to delegating to Afterpay CA Personnel, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may also
delegate in accordance with Outsourced Services Provider delegations.
The responsibility for oversight of all AML/CTF matters resides with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will also retain overall responsibility for their role even where some
compliance functions are delegated.
7.6 AML/CTF Training for the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
To ensure that our AML/CTF Compliance Officer has the necessary knowledge and skills to carry out
their functions, they will receive AML/CTF training.
31 This does not affect the operation of Part VIIC of the Crimes Act 1914 (which includes provisions that, in certain circumstances relieve
persons from the requirement to disclose spent convictions and require persons aware of such convictions to disregard them).
32 AML/CTF Act, s 26J(3)(c). AML/CTF Rules, r 5-14(1).
33 AML/CTF Act, s 26L.
34 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(4)(g); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-7.
8

7.7 Notifying AUSTRAC of the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
We will notify AUSTRAC of the individual who is designated as our AML/CTF Compliance Officer
within 14 days after the individual is designated as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.35
We will ensure this notice is in the approved form and contains the information and is accompanied by
such documents, as is required by the approved form.36
35 AML/CTF Act, s 26M(1).
36 AML/CTF Act, s 26M(2).
9

Section C
ML/TF Risk Assessment
8. ML/TF Risk Assessment
8.1 Overview of Afterpay CA ML/TF Risk Assessment
Afterpay CA has undertaken an ML/TF Risk Assessment - 2025 AML/CTF and Sanctions Risk
Assessment, Afterpay Canada Ltd Oct 2025. In undertaking this ML/TF Risk Assessment, we have
had regard to the nature, size and complexity of Afterpay CAʼs business.37 Afterpay CA is not required
to have regard to specific matters when undertaking ML/TF Risk Assessment.38
8.2 Afterpay CA ML/TF Risk Assessment
Afterpay CA will not provide any Designated Services without an ML/TF Risk Assessment being in
place and kept up to date in accordance with these AML/CTF Policies.
A summary of our ML/TF Risk Assessment is set out in Schedule 1.
9. Reviewing the ML/TF Risk Assessment
9.1 Ongoing review of ML/TF Risk Assessment
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer is responsible for ensuring that the ML/TF Risk Assessment is
subject to ongoing review for the purpose of identifying and assessing any new risks or changes to
previously assessed ML/TF/PF risk.39 This ongoing review will be undertaken in a manner that is
appropriate to Afterpay CAʼs nature, size and complexity.
9.2 Triggers and timing
A review of the ML/TF Risk Assessment (Review) must be undertaken if any of the following events
(Review Trigger Events) occur:
Review Trigger Event Timing for Review and updates
● The Review must be undertaken as soon as
AUSTRAC communicates information
practicable after the information is
that identifies or assesses risks
communicated.41
associated with Afterpay CAʼs provision
of designated services.40 ● Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk
Assessment to address any issues identified
in the Review must made as soon as
practicable after the Review is completed.
● The Review must be undertaken as soon as
An independent evaluation report
practicable after the Governing Body
contains adverse findings in relation to
receives the independent evaluation report,
the ML/TF Risk Assessment.42
in accordance with section 4.3.43
37 AML/CTF Act, s 26C(2).
38 AML/CTF Act, s 26C(c).
39 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1).
40 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(a)(ii).
41 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(c).
42 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(a)(iii); AML/CTF Rules, r 5-1(1).
43 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(2)(d). AML/CTF Rules, r 5-1(2).
10

Review Trigger Event Timing for Review and updates
● Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk
Assessment to address any issues identified
in the Review must made as soon as
practicable after the Review is completed. 44
In addition, the ML/TF Risk Assessment must be reviewed by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer at
least annually (whether or not any of the above events occur)45 and as per Blockʼs Global AML &
Sanctions risk Assessment Framework.
Any updates required to the ML/TF Risk Assessment to address any issues identified in the Review
must made as soon as practicable after the Review is completed. 46
9.3 Oversight of updates to the ML/TF Risk Assessment following Review
The updated ML/TF Risk Assessment must be approved by a Senior Manager in accordance with
section 2.1. The change must be notified to the Governing Body as practicable after the update in
accordance with section 2.1.
9.4 Exception – PF Risk Assessment
As set out in the summary of the ML/TF Risk Assessment in Schedule 1 we have assessed the PF risk
we may reasonably face as low.
As a result of this assessment, we have determined that our PF risk can be appropriately managed
and mitigated by our policies, procedures, systems and controls that we have in place to manage and
mitigate ML or TF risks as detailed in these AML/CTF Policies.47
The PF risk we reasonably face when providing Designated Services is kept under ongoing review in
accordance with this section 9.
44 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(4)(b).
45 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(1)(b).
46 AML/CTF Act, s 26D(4).
47 AML/CTF Act, s 26F(11).
11

10. Breach escalation procedures
10.1 Breach reporting process
Breaches (or apparent breaches) of the AML/CTF Laws or these AML/CTF Policies must be reported
to the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
10.2 Escalation of AML/CTF breaches
Where there has been a failure to comply with any system, control or procedure established in
accordance with these AML/CTF Policies that:
● has not been, or is incapable of being, fully remedied within five 5 business days; or
● the AML/CTF Compliance Officer otherwise considers to be significant,
the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must notify a Senior Manager, as soon as possible.
10.3 Addressing AML/CTF breaches
The Senior Manager(s) will work with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to consider the breach and
prepare a plan of action to address the breach (including, where relevant, the causes of the breach).
This may include one or more of the following:
● preparation of a targeted project plan to remedy the breach;
● creation of a timeline for further review of any relevant parts of these AML/CTF Policies;
● updates or amendments to these AML/CTF Policies or any applicable underlying policies
and procedures;
● alterations to particular products or services, or our business model; or
● any other actions that a Senior Manager or the Governing Body considers is appropriate.
If appropriate, a Senior Manager alongside the relevant Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee
will approve a plan of action.
Where a Senior Manager and the AML/CTF Compliance Officer consider it is appropriate to do so, the
details of the breach and the plan of action may then be presented to the Governing Body by the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer. Where this occurs, the Governing Body will review the information
provided by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer and will take the action that the Governing Body
determines is necessary after considering the breach and any other matters that it considers to be
relevant.
10.4 Breaches register
The Afterpay CA AML/CTF Compliance Officer must keep a breach register which contains details of
any breaches (or potential breaches) or failure to comply with the procedures set out in these
AML/CTF Policies. On an annual basis, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must review the breach
register and consider whether the breaches or non-compliance which occurred during the relevant
period indicate any material gaps or systemic deficiencies in the Afterpay CAʼs AML/CTF Program that
are yet to be addressed; and make relevant recommendations to the Governing Body on how these
deficiencies will be rectified.
12

Section D
Travel Rule
11. Application of the Travel Rule
As the provider of an Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service, Afterpay CA is subject to the Travel
Rule as an Ordering Institution.48
12. Travel Rule for Ordering Instructions
12.1 Value Transfers undertaken by Afterpay CA
Afterpay CA must comply with the Travel Rule as applicable to an Ordering Institution. This requires
Afterpay CA to collect, verify and pass on prescribed information.
Afterpay CA may provide Ordering Institution Value Transfer Services relating to:
● Merchant Payments; or
● other Value Transfer services that are not connected to Merchant Payments.
Afterpay CAʼs policies for meeting its Travel Rule obligations in providing Ordering Institution Value
Transfer Services are described in this section 12.
12.2 Accepting instruction from a payer
When Afterpay CA provides an Ordering Institution Value Transfer Service, the service will commence
with Afterpay CA accepting a transfer instruction from a Customer (payer). This instruction may be:
● verbal;
● written; or
● implicit under a standing arrangement.
The instruction may be provided directly or indirectly.
The instruction will describe who the value is being transferred to (payee).
12.3 Value Transfer is a Merchant Payment
If the Value Transfer is a Merchant Payment:
● we are not required to collect or verify any information.49 However, we may have
collected information on the payer as part of our Customer due diligence; and
● we are required to pass on the card number of the card (including a tokenised
reference)50 that the payer used in relation to the Merchant Payment.51
12.4 Value Transfer through BECS
If:
● the Transfer of Value is a domestic Transfer of Value; and
● the Ordering Institution passes on the Transfer Message for the Transfer of Value
through BECS, BPAY or DEFT,
48 AML/CTF Act, s 64.
49 AML/CTF Act, ss 64(2)(a) and 64(2)(b); AML/CTF Rules, r 8-8(5).
50 AML/CTF Rules, r 1-4.
51 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3.
13

we will be required by the Travel Rule to:
Prescribed information
Information to collect 1. the payer information, including the payerʼs full name,
and one or more of the following:
a unique Customer identification number given to the
payer by the ordering institution;
a unique identifier for the payer;
if the payer is an individual—the payerʼs date and place
of birth;
the payerʼs full business or residential address (not
being a post box) 52
Note: We are not required to re-collect information on
the payer if we have:
previously collected the information as part of our
Customer due diligence, or from a previous Transfer
of Value; and
no reason to doubt the adequacy or truth of this
information.
2. the payeeʼs full name53
Information to verify The payer information. 54
Note: no separate step needs to be undertaken if we
have otherwise done this as part of our ICDD or OCDD
processes.
For Customers who are subject to section 642 or 643
of the AML/CTF Rules, and where we have no
reasonable grounds to doubt the adequacy or veracity
of the payer information, no further verification is
required for Ordering Institution Value Transfer Services
commenced to be provided before 1 July 2030. 55
Information to pass on 3. tracing information for the payer, which is information
that allows us to identify the account of the payer,
such as:
an account number, or
a unique transaction reference number; and
tracing information for the payee, which is information that
allows the Beneficiary institution to identify the
payeeʼs account, such as:
the account number for the payeeʼs account, or
a unique transaction reference number.56
52 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(a).
53 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(a).
54 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(b).
55 AML/CTF Rule, r 8-8(7).
56 AML/CTF Rules, r 1-4.
14

12.5 Value Transfer is not a Merchant Payment
After receiving the instruction, if the Value Transfer is not a Merchant Payment, we will be required by
the Travel Rule to:
Prescribed information
Information to 1. the payer information, including the payerʼs full name, and one or more
collect of the following:
o a unique Customer identification number given to the
payer by the ordering institution;
o a unique identifier for the payer;
o if the payer is an individual—the payerʼs date and
place of birth;
o the payerʼs full business or residential address (not
being a post box) 57
Note: We are not required to re-collect information on the payer if we
have:
o previously collected the information as part of our
Customer due diligence, or from a previous Transfer
of Value; and
o no reason to doubt the adequacy or truth of this
information.
2. the payeeʼs full name
Information to verify The payer information.58
Note: no separate step may need to be undertaken if we have
otherwise done this as part of our ICDD or OCDD processes.
Information to pass 1. the payer information, as collected and verified in accordance with this
on section;
2. the payeeʼs full name, as collected in accordance with this section;
3. tracing information for the payer, which is information that allows us to
identify the account of the payer, such as:
o an account number, or
o a unique transaction reference number; and
4. tracing information for the payee, which is information that allows the
Beneficiary Institution to identify the payeeʼs account, such as:
o the account number for the payeeʼs account, or
o a unique transaction reference number.59
57 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(a).
58 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-3(b).
59 AML/CTF Rules, r 1-4.
15

12.6 Timing to pass on information
If the Transfer Message for the Value Transfer does not give effect to the Value Transfer then, the
Transfer Message must be passed on before, or at the same time as, the Ordering Institution gives
effect to the Value Transfer.
12.7 Request to provide information
As an Ordering Institution, Afterpay CA must pass on the information set out in sections 12.3 and 12.5
to the next institution in the Value Transfer Chain:
● as soon as practicable after receiving a request from the institution; and60
● in any case, within 3 business days after receiving sufficient information from the other
institution to process the request.61
12.8 Exemption from the Travel Rule
Travel Rule obligations under the AML/CTF Laws do not apply to transfers of money or property
within a single overseas country or within the European Economic Area if the:
● foreign country where the Value Transfer Designated Service is being provided has
implemented laws relating to the Travel Rule; and
● Value Transfer service complies with these foreign Travel Rule laws.62
However, while the Travel Rule under the AML/CTF Laws does not apply, these services are still
Designated Services. We must still comply with other AML/CTF obligations that apply to Designated
Services through foreign branches and subsidiaries, such as Customer due diligence.
60 AML/CTF Act, s 64(5).
61 AML/CTF Rules, r 5-17(2) and (3).
62 AML/CTF Rules, r 8-7.
16

Section E
Reporting
13. AML compliance reports
AML Compliance Reports
Section 47 of the AML/CTF Act requires us to lodge annual compliance reports with
AUSTRAC, in an approved form and containing such information as is required, in
accordance with the AML/CTF Rules.
We are required to lodge annual compliance reports with Annually.
AUSTRAC each calendar year.
The lodgement period
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will consult with the Senior is between 1 January
Managers, other management and other relevant Personnel to and 31 March or as
prepare and submit the annual AUSTRAC compliance reports in otherwise advised by
the first quarter of each calendar year in respect of activities AUSTRAC.
undertaken in the previous calendar year and will lodge these
with AUSTRAC as required. These will be lodged via AUSTRACʼs
electronic portal.
Prior to lodging the AML/CTF compliance report with AUSTRAC,
the AML/CTF Compliance Officer must notify the Governing
Body of any circumstances brought to the attention of the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer which would lead him or her to
believe that we have not complied with the Act or these Policies.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer must then provide
confirmation to the Governing Body that the AML/CTF
compliance report has been submitted to AUSTRAC, including a
summary of its contents and any matters relevant for noting as
soon as possible after the report has been lodged with
AUSTRAC.
Afterpay CAʼs AML/CTF compliance report must be lodged online
at https://online.austrac.gov.au.
14. Preventing tipping off
14.1 Tipping off offence
Subject to certain limited exceptions, it is an offence under section 123 of the AML/CTF Act to
disclose Restricted Information to anyone outside of AUSTRAC, if the disclosure of the Restricted
Information would, or could reasonably be expected to, prejudice an investigation (whether or not
such an investigation has commenced):
● of an offence against a law of the Commonwealth or of a State or Territory;
● for the purposes of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 Cth or regulations under that Act;
or
● for the purposes of a law of a State or Territory law that corresponds to the Proceeds of
Crime Act 2002 Cth or regulations under that Act.
17

This is known as the “tipping offˮ offence. The tipping off offence may be committed by the following
persons (current or former):
● a Reporting Entity;
● an officer, employee or agent of a Reporting Entity;
● a person that has been required to give information or produce documents under
section 491 or section 49B1 of the AML/CTF Act.
14.2 Exceptions
The tipping off offence does not apply if the disclosure is made to another Reporting Entity and the
disclosure is made for the purpose of detecting, deterring or disrupting ML/TF/PF or other serious
crimes, subject to conditions which may be prescribed in the AML/CTF Rules being satisfied.63
14.3 Controls to manage tipping off risk
We have established safeguards to prevent the contravention of the tipping off offence by us or our
officers, employees or agents.
We implement the following protocols that reduce the risk of tipping off:
● information regarding SMRs is not accessible on the Customerʼs file and is only to be
provided to persons within our organisation, other than the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
or the appointed Senior Manager, where it is determined that they need to know that
information to fulfil the requirements of their role;
● no information described above is to be provided to any third party unless AML/CTF
Compliance Officer has first confirmed that it is permissible under one of the exemptions
under subsections 1234 to 6 of the AML/CTF Act;
● our Personnel must not do anything that would lead a Customer or anyone else (other
than AUSTRAC to believe that a suspicion has been formed or that information has been
communicated to AUSTRAC;
● de-identify any Information that is distributed more widely across our business;
● when discussing trends and insights, disclose generally identified patterns of behaviour
rather than mentioning specific Customers or transactions;
● implement and review audit trails of who accesses Information and when;
● use a legally enforceable undertaking to ensure that Information is kept confidential by
employees and any third parties we engage;
● maintain good security practices such as secure electronic document storage, password
protection of documents, secure document destruction of physical copies;
● when sharing information with third parties, we will also consider adopting the following
measures:
o only disclose information to people that have a genuine need to know;
o consider what legal obligations apply to third parties in foreign countries that we
are sharing Information with to ensure they are consistent with our obligations
under the AML/CTF Act;
o consider whether third parties we may share Information with have adopted
suitable controls to prevent tipping off, such as those outlined above; and
o attach conditions to the further use of Information we provide to third parties to
prevent the Information getting back to the subject.
63 AML/CTF Act, s 123(5).
18

Section F
Outsourcing and record keeping
15. Record keeping
15.1 Retention of records
In accordance with Part 10 of the AML/CTF Act, we will keep a record, or a copy or extract of the
record of certain kinds of information. This includes (but is not limited to) information related to the
AML/CTF Program and records reasonably necessary to demonstrate our compliance obligations in
connection with the establishment and maintenance of the AML/CTF Program under Part 1A of the
AML/CTF Act.
16. Outsourcing and third-party technology providers
16.1 Engaging with Outsourced Services Providers
With the written approval of a Senior Manager, we may appoint a third-party service provider to
either:
● perform selected obligations under these AML/CTF Policies; or
● provide services for us to comply with parts of our AML/CTF obligations (e.g.,
technology service providers).
19

Section G
Matters not dealt with in these AML/CTF Policies
17. Customer due diligence
Given that Afterpay CA is a Reporting Entity only providing Designated Services at or through a
permanent establishment outside Australia, these AML/CTF Policies developed under section 26F of
the AML/CTF Act do not cover matters relating to customer due diligence, including Initial Customer
due diligence and ongoing Customer due diligence.64
18. Financial sanctions
Given that Afterpay CA is a Reporting Entity only providing Designated Services at or through a
permanent establishment outside Australia, these AML/CTF Policies developed under section 26F of
the AML/CTF Act do not cover matters relating to financial sanctions.65
19. Personnel due diligence and training
Given that Afterpay CA is a Reporting Entity only providing Designated Services at or through a
permanent establishment outside Australia, these AML/CTF Policies developed under section 26F of
the AML/CTF Act do not cover matters relating to Personnel due diligence.66
20. Suspicious matter, threshold transaction and value transfer
service reporting
Given that Afterpay CA is a Reporting Entity only providing Designated Services at or through a
permanent establishment outside Australia, the obligations to report suspicious matters67, threshold
transactions68 and international value transfer services do not apply to Afterpay CA.69 These AML/CTF
Policies do not cover those matters.
64 AML/CTF Act, ss 26F(2), 26F(3)(b).
65 AML/CTF Act, ss 26F(2), 26F(3)(e), AML/CTF Rules, r 5-3.
66 AML/CTF Act, ss 26F(2), 26F(4)(d) and 26F(4)(e).
67 AML/CTF Act, Part 3, Division 2, s 42(5).
68 AML/CTF Act, Part 3, Division 3, s 44(5).
69 AML/CTF Act, Part 3, Division 4.
20

Section H
Definitions
21. Definitions
The meanings of capitalised terms used in this document are set out below.
Term Meaning
Personnel means any persons employed or engaged by us, and who perform,
or will perform, functions relevant to our obligations under the
AML/CTF Act.
AML/CTF means anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing.
AML/CTF Act Means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Act 2006 Cth
AML/CTF Compliance means the individual designated as the AML/CTF compliance officer.
Officer The name of each AML/CTF Compliance Officer is set out in
Schedule 3.
AML/CTF Laws means the following:
● the AML/CTF Act
● the AML/CTF Rules;
● the Class Exemptions Rules;
● and any other rules and regulations made under the
AML/CTF Act from time to time.
AML/CTF Program means the ML/TF Risk Assessment and these AML/CTF Policies.
AML/CTF Rules means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Rules 2025 Cth AML/CTF Rules).
AUSTRAC the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre, which is
Australiaʼs anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing
regulator and financial intelligence unit.
Beneficiary Institution means a beneficiary institution as defined in section 63A of the
AML/CTF Act and rule 82 of the AML/CTF Rules.
Class Exemption Rules means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Rules Class Exemptions and Other Matters) Rules 2007.
Customer means a person who has or intends to receive Designated Services
from Afterpay CA.
CDD means initial Customer due diligence and ongoing Customer due
diligence.
Designated Services the designated services in Schedule 2 to the AML/CTF Policies.
ECDD means enhanced Customer due diligence.
21

Term Meaning
Governing Body the governing body of Afterpay CA is the relevant group of
individuals with primary responsibility for the governance and
executive decisions of Afterpay CA, i.e. its board of directors.
ICDD means initial Customer due diligence.
KYC means “Know your Customerˮ.
KYC Information means know-your-client information about a Customer.
Merchant Payment has the meaning given to the term in rule 14 of the AML/CTF Rules.
ML/TF/PF money laundering ML and terrorism financing TF and proliferation
financing PF.
ML/TF Risk Assessment the assessment of the ML/TF/PF Risk that Afterpay CA reasonably
faces in providing Designated Services.
OCDD means ongoing Customer due diligence.
Ordering Institution means an ordering institution as defined in section 63A of the
AML/CTF Act and rule 81 of the AML/CTF Rules.
Ordering Institution Value means an item 29 Designated Service in table 1 of section 62 of the
Transfer Service AML/CTF Act.
Outsourced Service means any third party engaged by Afterpay CA to provide services
Provider that may be used in connection with these AML/CTF Policies as
described in section 16.
Reporting Entity has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as
either:
● a person who provides a designated service; or
● the lead entity of a reporting group.
Restricted Information means:
● subject to certain limited exceptions, Afterpay CA has
given AUSTRAC, or is required to give to AUSTRAC, an
SMR;
● that an SMR has been given or prepared for AUSTRAC,
or a copy of such report;
● a document purporting to set out information (including
the formation or existence of a submission) contained in
an SMR;
● that a person is or has been required to give
information, or produce a document, to a person in
response to a notice issued under section 49 of the
AML/CTF Act, or that it has given the required
information or document;
● that a person is or has been required to give
information, or produce a document, to a person in
response to a notice issued under section 49B of the
22

Term Meaning
AML/CTF Act, or that it has given the required
information or document; or
● information referred to in paragraph 165Aa, (b), or (c)
or 5AAa or (b) of the Financial Transaction Reports
Act 1988, as in force immediately before its repeal.
Senior Manager of a Reporting Entity, means an individual who makes, or participates
in making, decisions that affect the whole, or a substantial part, of
the business of the Reporting Entity.
SMR or Suspicious Matter a report of a Suspicion made in accordance with section 41 of the
Report AML/CTF Act.
Transfer Message has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as, for a
Transfer of Value, a message that contains information relating to the
content of the payerʼs instruction for the Transfer of Value, but does
not include a message of a kind specified in the AML/CTF Rules.
Transfer of Value or Value has the meaning given to it by section 5 of the AML/CTF Act as a
Transfer transfer of money, virtual assets or property, but does not include:
● a transfer of physical currency or other tangible
property; or
● a transfer of a kind specified in the AML/CTF Rules.
Travel Rule means the travel rules that apply to an Ordering Institution,
Beneficiary Institution or intermediary institution that are set out in
rules 83 to 85 of the AML/CTF Rules.
Value Transfer Chain has the meaning given to the term in section 63A11 of the AML/CTF
Act.
23

– ML/TF Risk Assessment – summary
Schedule 1
Afterpay CAʼs ML/TF Risk Assessment was finalised at the end of 2025. The Risk Assessment outlines
the results of the Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing (ML/TF) and Sanctions Risk
Assessment (Risk Assessment) conducted by Block, Inc. (Block), in conjunction with Afterpay
Australia Pty Ltd (Afterpay) covering the timeframe from January 2024 to December 2024.
The Risk Assessment was performed to evaluate the risk that Afterpay products and services will be
used to launder money, engage in Terrorist Financing, Proliferation Financing or support activity in
contravention of sanctions rules, including the risks inherent in Afterpayʼs business, and the
effectiveness of Afterpayʼs control environment in mitigating those risks. Afterpay implements a range
of risk management strategies and controls to mitigate ML/TF and Sanctions-related risks. This
assessment provides insights into the organisationʼs risk exposure and control effectiveness to
highlight areas of strength and identify areas where potential enhancements are needed to its
compliance program.
Risk Assessment Results
The 2025 Annual Risk Assessment yielded an overall risk rating of Moderate for both ML/TF and
Sanctions. This assessment considered both inherent risk and control effectiveness across Afterpayʼs
operations.
The overall ML/TF results for Afterpay are as follows:
Table 1 ML/TF Result Summary
Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Moderate Partially Mitigated Moderate
The overall Sanctions results for Afterpay are as follows:
Table 2 Sanctions Result Summary
Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Moderate Partially Mitigated Moderate
Summary of ML/TF and Sanctions Inherent Risk:
Table 3 Inherent Risk Rating by Risk Category
Inherent Risk Category ML/TF Risk Sanctions Risk
Customer Moderate Moderate
Distribution Channels Moderate Moderate
Emerging Low Moderate
24

Inherent Risk Category ML/TF Risk Sanctions Risk
Geographic Low Moderate
Organisational High High
Products and Services Moderate Moderate
Important points to note:
● The increase in overall risk ratings from Low 2023 to Moderate 2024 reflects several
key factors: 1 methodology enhancements that incorporated more granular quantitative
data and a four-point rating scale, 2 substantial business growth 34.60% GPV
increase) that elevated risk ratings under the enhanced methodology, 3 the launch of
eGift Card products during the assessment period, and 4 control environment issues
identified through Block's enterprise issue management system. It is important to note
that major control improvements implemented in 2025, including the implementation of
Consumer IDV, Merchant and Customer Risk Rating processes and Bank of Canada RPAA
compliance preparation, occurred post-assessment period and will be reflected in the
2026 assessment.
● Risk rating overrides were applied to reduce certain inherent risk categories based on
Afterpay Canada's lower-risk business model characteristics:
● Industry Risk High to Moderate), Structure Risk Very High to Moderate), and
Anonymity/Unverified Customers Risk Very High to Moderate) were reduced due to:
limited merchant industry visibility, BNPL's inherently lower AML exposure (no stored
value or cash handling), limited transaction caps, low geographic risk, and avoidance of
deposit-taking or cross-border payments that typically elevate AML risk. As Afterpay
Canada is not currently FINTRAC-regulated, it maintains a risk-based AML program as
best practice, with controls proportional to its business model where fraud related
activities, represents the primary financial crime risk.
● Afterpay Canada is only available for Customers in a non-face-to-face environment via
its mobile application platform or website. All of the delivery channels are conducted
online. This delivery model increases the potential for impersonation, anonymity, and
misuse of identity credentials, which are commonly exploited in financial crimes
schemes. It also limits the opportunity to apply in-person verification controls, which
heightens the Distribution Channels risk.
● Vendors or suppliers providing AML/CFT and Sanctions screening services for Afterpay
Canada are not located in jurisdictions deemed as high risk and Afterpay Canada does
not have staff or offices located in high risk jurisdictions.
● Afterpay Canada's business consists primarily of the BNPL product (representing
approximately all GPV, which was assessed as 'Moderate' risk through the PRA, with the
34.60% growth in GPV contributing to elevated Organizational risk ratings.
Summary of the Control Environment:
Table 4 Distribution of Controls by Control Effectiveness Rating
25

Assessment Effective Needs Weak Control Gap
Improvement
AML/CTF 56% 31% 6% 6%
Sanctions 47% 33% 11% 9%
Control gaps impacting Afterpay Canada were identified for the following controls and processes:
Governance and Oversight:
Regulatory obligations (both existing and new) are currently being tracked by local MLROs and
Compliance Officers. However, a formal Block enterprise-wide process is needed to ensure
completeness and consistency across all entities.
Record Keeping Controls
As a result of a Block-wide system configuration issue, customer screening records (including those
for Afterpay) were not retained unless an alert case was generated in Bridger. The issue is recorded
in Blockʼs issue management program, with remediation in progress and resolution expected by the
end of 2025.
Sanctions Program Controls
While Afterpay Canada's AML Standard establishes formal requirements for asset freezing, Block
does not currently have specific operational procedures for moving frozen funds to segregated
accounts for Afterpay Canada documented in policy.
26

– Designated Services
Schedule 2
No. Designated Services under section 6 of the AML/CTF Act
Providing the Designated Service at or through a permanent establishment of Afterpay CA in
Australia
1. Item 6, table 1 (making a loan, where the loan is made in the course of carrying on a
loans business)
2. Item 7, table 1 (in the capacity of lender for a loan or assignee of the lender for a loan,
allowing the borrower to conduct a transaction in relation to a loan, where the loan was
made in the course of carrying on loans business)
3. Item 29, table 1 (in the capacity of ordering institution, accepting an instruction for the
transfer of value on behalf of a payer).
27

– Afterpay CA Senior Managers and AML/CTF
Schedule 3
Compliance Officer
AML/CTF Compliance Officer
1.
Afterpay CA has appointed the following person as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer:
Pascalle Castagne
Senior Managers
2.
Afterpay CA has appointed the following individuals to the role of Senior Manager with approval
authorities set out below. The Senior Manager may exercise their approval authority alone and does
not need to obtain the authority of any other individual provided the relevant approval is within the
scope of their authority.
Senior Manager Authority
1. Safiya Adenekan May approve:
● the AML/CTF Policies;
● the ML/TF Risk Assessment
and changes to these.
May approve any of the ongoing matters requiring
approval as set out in section 5.3 of the AML/CTF
Policies.
28