Know Your Business
Standard for Cash for
Business Customers
Cash App | U.S.
March 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Cash App U.S. and on
a need-to-know basis.
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 3
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 8
3. Scope 8
4. Customer Onboarding Controls 9
4.1 Customer Risk Scoring and Status 11
4.2 Due Diligence Reviews 11
● 4.2.3 Ongoing Due Diligence 13
4.3 Source of Wealth/Source of Funds 14
4.4 Screening 14
4.5 KYC Refresh 16
4.6 System Access 16
4.7 Queue Parameters 16
4.8 Quality Control 16
4.9 New Product Launches 17
4.10 Risk Assessment 17
5. Document Management 17
5.1 Document Owner 17
5.2 Review and Approval 17
6. Training 17
7. Monitoring and Reporting 18
8. Exceptions 18
9. Record Retention 18
10. Related Documentation or References 18
11. Revision & Approval History 19
12. Document Details 19
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Adverse Media /
Screening for unfavorable news or mentions about customers, impacting their
Negative News
risk rating and triggering due diligence reviews.
(Screening)
Business Identity bIDV involves the collection and verification of customer business information
Verification (“bIDV”) to comply with Know Your Business guidelines and onboard to the platform.
Cash for Business accounts are accounts that a Cash App customer can open
Cash for Business
to manage their business funds and remains separate from their personal
(“C4B”)
account.
Customer Due The process of identifying and assessing customer information to understand
Diligence (“CDD”) each customer’s expected activities and assess potential risks.
Enhanced Due A process that enables deeper understanding of high-risk customers and
Diligence (“EDD”) implementation of risk mitigation processes.
Identity Verification IDV that individuals or natural persons must go through to onboard the
(“IDV”) platform and use the services
KYB is a process used to verify the legitimacy and credentials of business
Know Your Business clients to prevent money laundering and terrorism financing. It involves
(“KYB”) verifying business registration details, identifying beneficial owners,
understanding the nature of the business, and assessing associated risks.
Know Your Customer A process involving periodic reviews and updates of customer information,
(“KYC”) Refresh including Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”).
A standardized code that classifies the types of goods and services a
Merchant Category merchant sells and is a key piece of info for payment processing. This code is
Code (“MCC”) provided by customers, who are opening a business account, during the KYB/
onboarding process and serves as a basis for evaluating customer risk.
Ongoing Due Diligence Ongoing Due Diligence includes the reviews triggered periodically or based on
(“ODD”) events to assess customer-specific attributes and activities.
Due diligence that takes place periodically as part of the KYC Refresh
Periodic Due Diligence
program
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Terminology Definition
A section of the USA PATRIOT Act requiring information sharing between
Section 314(a) covered financial institutions and law enforcement to prevent money
laundering and terrorist activities.
Source of Funds /
A series of questions aiming to understand the origin of funds used for a
Source of Wealth
transaction and the source of a customer's accumulated wealth.
(“SoF/SoW”)
The tracking and reporting resources utilized for the overall health of Block's
AML/CTF standard through various dashboards, reports, and trackers.
Regulator: Block’s internal case management system
LexisNexis: Primary screening vendor managing sanctions watchlists and KYC
screening leveraging PII matching logic, including World Compliance.
Cash Force 1: A customer relationship management platform that streamlines
customer service processes, including case management and issue resolution.
CSI: Screening vendor used for Sanctions related screening as part of the
NPO workflow
Systems and Tools
TLOXP: A data intelligence platform used for due diligence, investigations,
and risk assessment.
Google / Internet: General internet searches as part of the due diligence
process. Use of this tool involves leveraging internet resources to gather
additional information about customers, their activities, and potential risks.
Looker and Tableau: A business intelligence and data analytics platform.
Looker or Tableau may be used for reporting and analysis related to AML/CTF
risk exposure and standard performance.
Alloy / Middesk: A vendor used to verify customer business information.
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Terminology Definition
Secretary of State: A government database used to confirm customer
business details.
Tax Identification Number is an unique identifier for a business customer or
legal entity. Depending on the entity type, Cash App accepts two types of
TINs: Social Security Numbers and Employer Identification Numbers. TINs are
Tax Identification
used to file taxes and are necessary to complete onboarding for a business
Number (“TIN”)
customer. Cash App currently allows sole props and disregarded limited
liability companies to onboard using a Social Security Number; all other
entities must onboard using an EIN.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
● Conducting due diligence on accounts in accordance with documented
procedures, user guides, and guidance logs
● Documenting conclusions in a manner that is clear and complete
Customer Onboarding ● Reviewing escalated customer accounts to determine if the customer has
and Due Diligence violated Block’s Terms of Service
Team ● Escalating customer accounts to the Transaction Monitoring team that are
identified as having potential unusual or suspicious activity
● Reviewing escalated customer accounts to determine if there is sanctions
exposure
Customer Onboarding
and Management ● Reviewing and approving this Standard
(“COM”) Lead
● Owner of the Standard and responsible for providing an advisory function as
Program Manager well as engaging with the C4B operations team on new product launches
and program controls.
Quality Control Team ● Reviewing actions taken by the operations teams for consistency with
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Role Responsibility
established procedures
● Providing reporting for management and senior leadership teams on the
results of the reviews
● Reviewing cases and investigating associated customer activity within
established queue SLAs
● Escalating customer accounts to the UUP team that are identified as
potentially violating Block’s Terms of Service
Customer Onboarding
● Escalating customer accounts to the Sanctions team that are identified as
Team
having potential sanctions exposure
● Escalating customer accounts to the Suspicious Activity Reporting team
that meets the established referral requirements for unusual or suspicious
activity
● Reviewing escalated customer accounts to determine if a Suspicious
Activity Report (“SAR”) is required
Suspicious Activity ● File SARs within established timelines per Suspicious Activity Reporting
Reporting Team procedures
● Deactivating customer accounts that are identified as exhibiting patterns of
transactions indicative of unusual or suspicious activity
● Reviewing cases and investigating associated customer activity within
established queue SLAs
● Escalating customer accounts to the EDD team that are identified as
potentially violating Block’s Terms of Service
Transaction Monitoring
● Escalating customer accounts to the Sanctions team that are identified as
Team
having potential sanctions exposure
● Escalating customer accounts to the Suspicious Activity Reporting team
that meets the established referral requirements for unusual or suspicious
activity
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
In accordance with the Block, Inc. (herein referred to as the “Company” or “Block” ) Anti-Money Laundering &
Counter-Terrorist Financing (“AML/CTF”) Policy, the U.S. Cash App (“Cash App” or “Cash”) Know Your
Business (“KYB”) Standard (“Standard”) has been established to ensure that Cash App reasonably
understands who its C4B customers are, and the risks posed by those customers. The COM team supports
monitoring of KYB processes and procedures. Compliance is responsible for implementing procedures to
ensure proper information and documentation is obtained and stored for each customer file. A risk-based
approach is used to ensure customers are subject to Due Diligence and those identified as posing a
heightened risk receive EDD. This allows the business to further understand the risks the customer poses
and establish processes to mitigate those risks. The KYB Standard is a critical element within Cash App's
compliance framework, designed to align with regulatory standards and enhance the integrity of the Cash
App business ecosystem. This document delineates the comprehensive KYB Standard tailored for C4B
customers.
2. Purpose
The cornerstone of a strong AML/CTF compliance program is the adoption and implementation of risk-based
due diligence policies, procedures, and processes for all customers, particularly those that present a higher
risk for money laundering and terrorist financing1. In order to achieve this, Cash App has leveraged the
Customer Risk Rating standard which assesses a customer's profile, assigns risk ratings, and monitors the
customer’s risk levels.
The KYB standard captures CDD, EDD, and ODD to ensure Cash App has a clear understanding of its
customer base and continuously evaluates risks associated with money laundering, terrorist financing, and
other financial crimes. The KYB Standard also establishes consistent risk-based monitoring controls on the
platform, including KYC, KYB, SoW, and SoF, Adverse Media Screening, KYC Refresh,2 and Section 314(a)
screening.
3. Scope
This Standard applies to all U.S. Cash App Compliance personnel, who must maintain thorough knowledge of
its content and ensure compliance within their related business activities. The Standard extends to all
1 FFIEC BSA/AML Exam Manual
2 KYC Refresh is currently performed on the beneficial owner i.e. the individual
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
business units engaged in the development of new products and services, including those resulting from
internal product development or merger and acquisition activities. All U.S. Cash App employees must have
access to policies that affect their specific roles and understand their responsibilities to perform their work
in an ethical and legally compliant manner.
4. Standard Requirements
4.1 Customer Onboarding Controls
Cash App has a comprehensive approach to customer onboarding and monitoring which is designed to
maintain the integrity of the platform, mitigate risks, and ensure compliance with regulatory standards. This
methodical collection and verification of customer data not only helps in understanding the nature of
customer activities but also in safeguarding against reputational and financial risks.
Cash App’s customer onboarding process begins with the collection of certain mandatory KYB data fields,
which include:
● Business name
● Merchant Category Code (MCC)
● U.S. business address
● Tax Identification Number (TIN) either Social Security Number (SSN), or Employer Identification
Number (EIN)
Cash App collects all nine digits of an account Social Security Numbers (“SSNs”) or Employer Identification
Numbers (“EIN”) at the time of KYB (if not already provided). All provided information is verified through an
authorized third-party vendor to ensure data integrity and prevent misuse. Additionally, restricted accounts
are required to pass IDV prior to the KYB flow.
For sole proprietors, the IDV process requires verified personal details such as legal first and last names,
and date of birth as well as SSN. The KYB process for these entities includes the mandatory collection of the
business name, address, and the business website field being optional. Additionally, verification of the TIN,
which is always an SSN for sole proprietors, and a specific selection from possible MCCs are requirements to
complete the IDV.
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
For Single Member LLCs (“SMLLCs”), the beneficial owner must pass IDV prior to KYB. The KYB
requirements for these entities include the collection and verification of TIN (EIN or SSN), business name,
and business address. As part of the KYB process, the business website is also an optional field. The
business owner also certifies that to the best of their knowledge the information provided during KYB is true
and correct. Selecting an MCC category, answering additional questions about the business entity and
source of funds are crucial steps of the KYB onboarding process. These questions include details about the
estimated annual revenue, length of business operations, and projected annual income. This information
helps Cash App in gaining an understanding of the business on our platform.
Non-profit organizations (“NPOs”) or similar entities registered with their relevant Secretary of State
(“SOS”) undergo a similar IDV process where the legal name, date of birth, SSN, and address of the
beneficial owner are collected and verified. The KYB process collects and verifies the EIN, business name,
business address, and website (if provided). The TIN is always an EIN, which is verified by a third party vendor
for accuracy. The MCCs are limited to categories such as charitable organizations or churches. NPOs must
also confirm that their operations are limited to the U.S., as Cash App currently does not permit organizations
with activities outside the U.S. Significant control responsibilities are acknowledged through an ownership
attestation. Similar to an SMLLC, an NPO is required to respond to questions that include details about the
estimated annual revenue, length of business operations, and projected annual income.
Account Restrictions: Additional restrictions and monitoring controls are applied to restricted accounts who
attempt but fail to upgrade to a business account. These accounts are classified as “unverified” and are
given limited options; they can re-attempt the KYB process, or withdraw any available funds (cash out).
Similarly, verified personal accounts who attempt but fail to upgrade to a business account have the option
to re-attempt KYB, withdraw available funds, or switch to a personal account with an attestation that they
will no longer use their account for business purposes. These measures are part of a broader monitoring
strategy to flag and scrutinize business activity within personal accounts.
4.1.1 Customer Risk Scoring and Status
Customer Risk Rating (“CRR”) is a primary control to identify high risk accounts on Cash App's platform. All
accounts have an overall risk status which consists of risk factors that can be grouped into two categories -
model risk score and intrinsic risk. Customers have a model risk score (which is defined by the empirical risk
score3) and have a risk status (which is defined by intrinsic risk factors4). All accounts are scored through
3 determined by machine learning models during onboarding and weekly thereafter
4 Determined by predefined factors or attributes associated with the customer
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
machine learning models (i.e. activation customer risk rating (“aCRR”) and continuous customer risk rating
(“cCRR”)). A customer’s risk status is impacted by intrinsic risk factors like matches to Politically Exposed
Persons (“PEP”), Adverse Media related to financial crimes or reputational risk, and operations in certain
high-risk industries (i.e. MCC categories).
After successful onboarding, accounts are scored in real-time through the aCRR. This model utilizes a
number of features from the set of signals available at the alias-link event. The model features are grouped
in categories like transaction activity, connected users, onboarding attributes, linked instruments, etc.
Additionally, active verified accounts are scored weekly through the cCRR. This model utilizes over 100
features and is grouped based on various categories including (but not limited to) historical compliance/ risk
actions, connections through various identifiers such as SSN, device, IP addresses, bank/card linkage, and
transactional activity.
CRR scores and status are used to determine high-risk populations, ensuring they undergo due diligence on
an ongoing basis. Customers with high empirical risk scores, a high CRR status, and those falling under
high-risk scenarios are subject to an EDD review.
4.1.2 Due Diligence Reviews
Comprehensive due diligence processes ensure accuracy and completeness of KYB information, mitigating
potential risks. A primary goal of due diligence reviews is identifying or obtaining relevant customer-specific
information, which is supported by enhanced information collection during the C4B onboarding flow, to
understand the nature and purpose of the customer’s relationship with Cash App. This involves continuously
monitoring customer activity, transactions, and behavior patterns to detect potential money laundering,
terrorist financing, and other financial crimes risks posed by customers. Moreover, due diligence entails
conducting an enhanced level of scrutiny on higher risk customers (often at an increased cadence). By
subjecting higher risk customers to EDD, Cash App can better identify and manage potential risks, thereby
enhancing the overall effectiveness and safeguarding the integrity of its platform.
● Customer Due Diligence
Customer Due Diligence (“CDD”) involves obtaining and evaluating customer information to determine their
identity, activity, and establish a reasonable assessment of potential risks related to money laundering,
terrorist financing, and other financial crimes. Customers are prompted to complete KYB, providing personal
and business details to verify their identity and ensure compliance. Manual IDV reviews must be performed
at onboarding when a customer’s business information is not automatically verified by the vendor or
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
database (e.g. Alloy, Secretary of State website). A business account is subject to a manual review under the
scenarios below:
● If the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) check fails because the EIN is associated with a different
business name;
● If the EIN is not found and the business is less than one year old ;or
● If there is no match on the business name and address against SOS records.
Accounts receiving a manual review through this workflow are restricted from certain activity, including from
transacting, until they pass the manual review.
● Enhanced Due Diligence
Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDD”) enables Cash App to comprehensively assess the risks posed by customers
and implement measures to mitigate those risks effectively. High risk customers are identified through Cash
App’s CRR methodology. Customers that have a high risk rating or are involved in high-risk business
categories may undergo an EDD review. All NPOs are considered high risk at the time of onboarding and
must receive EDD and ongoing reviews.
EDD reviews extend to customer activity, regardless of customer risk score, when that activity is indicative of
higher risk, or apparent circumvention of controls (for example, customers who fail to pass KYB or bIDV as
one entity type and attempt again as a different entity). Additionally, accounts may also be flagged for EDD
review based on referrals from other departments within the organization.
During the EDD process, specialists must evaluate various customer-specific attributes and account data
such as the customer’s Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”), transactional behavior patterns, including
activities linked to connected accounts within the customer's network on the platform. Specialists must also
review the customer's web presence, relevant negative news screening, linked bank account and financial
instrument behavior, pertinent business information, source of funds, and source of wealth. These reviews
provide a deeper understanding of the customer’s nature, purpose, and expected activity. The EDD process is
conducted within the defined service level agreement (SLA) for the EDD workflow, ensuring timely and
thorough assessments of high risk accounts.
Request for information
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
During an EDD review, a Request for Information (“RFI”) may be used to gather additional details from
customers, particularly when the specialist identifies higher risk activity. Specialists can reach out to NPOs
for more in-depth information via a series of direct questions through email to ensure records of all
communication and documentation are maintained for audit and compliance purposes, to mitigate risk and
facilitate regulatory adherence.
Merchant Category Code
MCCs are essential for categorizing businesses and the types of goods and services they provide as well as
assessing their risk levels. Based on analysis, certain MCCs have been identified as high risk in alignment
with industry standards or due to their association with higher rates of suspicious activity, adverse actions
and escalations. The high-risk designation requires EDD and continuous monitoring under certain
circumstances to mitigate potential risks associated with money laundering, terrorist financing, and other
financial crimes. These categories are periodically evaluated to determine if codes should be added or
removed from the high risk list.
● Ongoing Due Diligence and Periodic Due Diligence
The frequency of the Ongoing Due Diligence (“ODD”) review is determined by the customer’s risk rating and
MCC category. High risk customers and those in high risk MCCs must be reviewed at onboarding and every
90 days, provided the customer remains active and high risk5. Moderate risk customers that select high risk
MCC categories must be reviewed at onboarding and every three years while low risk customers with a high
risk MCC must be reviewed at onboarding and every five years6. If the customer's risk rating changes to
‘high’, they will then adhere to the high- risk due diligence cadence.
Specialists analyze customer-specific attributes, transactional behavior patterns, and web presence to
understand the account's nature and actual vs anticipated activity, including manual Google searches for
Negative News and a comprehensive review of identity and behavior patterns.
● EIN Denylisting
The ability to denylist by EIN is an integrated compliance alert action, and is also enforced during the KYB
onboarding process. This functionality ensures that a business entity that has been denylisted is prevented
from using Cash App, similar to how SSN denylist accounts are handled. When a C4B customer provides
5 Certain high risk customers with high risk MCCs may be subject to ODD at a more frequent cadence.
6 This was implemented in June 2024. Customers will be scheduled for a periodic review on a go forward
basis from the date of implementation.
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
their EIN during the KYB process, the system screens it against the denylist and prohibits the customer from
onboarding. This integration supports the goal of maintaining a secure platform and ensures a consistent
handling of both SSN and EIN denylisted accounts by mitigating risk posed by potential bad actors.
4.1.3 Source of Wealth/Source of Funds
Collection of information regarding the customer’s source of wealth and funds enhances transparency and
compliance with regulatory standards. This process involves a series of questions that aim to understand the
customer’s origin of funds used for a transaction (“SoF”) and the origin of the customer’s accumulated
wealth (“SoW”). For C4B customers that choose a Single Member LLC or NPO as the business entity, three
questions are asked at onboarding about how long the business has been in operation, estimated annual
revenue, and estimated annual income, with the aim of understanding customers' expected level of
transactions and income.
4.1.4 Screening
● Sanctions
Sanctions screening is integral to efforts to detect and prevent prohibited individuals and entities from
establishing an account with Cash App. This process involves screening new business customers against
multiple sanctions lists using third-party vendors such as LexisNexis and CSI. The screening process
includes screening individual and business information collected during account setup and on an ongoing
basis to identify any matches with sanctioned entities. Additional members and beneficial owners identified
during the course of review of high-risk businesses, such as NPOs and professional services, are also subject
to sanction screening.
For additional information about Cash App’s sanctions screening standard and controls, please refer to the
Cash Customer Onboarding Management Sanctions Program.
● Adverse Media (Negative News)
Screening for Adverse Media is a crucial component of the CDD procedure. C4B customers are a part of
Cash App's initial and rescreening processes for Adverse Media. Additionally, within the EDD review process,
all C4B customers are subject to manual Google searches to identify Negative News, and if any unfavorable
news or mentions are detected, customers are escalated or denylisted.
● Section 314(a)
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Pursuant to requirements within the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 ("USA PATRIOT Act"), the Treasury Department
maintains a process for information sharing in and among qualifying financial institutions and law
enforcement divisions in order to prevent money laundering and terrorist activities.
Section 314(a) requires certain financial institutions to register with their federal regulator in order to receive
information requests and notifications about individuals or organizations that are suspected of being
involved in or connected to criminal activity. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”), the
administrator of this process, maintains an electronic database to facilitate this information exchange (the
Secure Information Sharing System (“SISS”)).
Cash App maintains a registration with FinCEN and actively participates in screening against 314(a)
information requests, including C4B accounts in bi-weekly 314(a) screens.
4.2 KYC Refresh
The KYC Refresh standard updates account PII, identification documentation, and SoW for the beneficial
owner of the C4B account. In parallel, and at a set cadence driven by the customer’s CRR score, a periodic
due diligence review is conducted yearly on active high risk customers, every 3 years for medium risk
customers, and every 5 years for low risk customers.
Active accounts are required to confirm or update their legal name and address every year for high risk
customers, every 3 years for medium risk customers, and every 5 years for low risk customers. Inactive
customers will undergo the KYC Refresh process upon reactivation or as per policy requirements.
4.3 System Access
The COM team uses several internal and external systems and tools to perform due diligence on C4B
customers. Third-party vendor tools are used to supplement reviews. Some of these tools are integrated
within Cash Apps’s internal case management system, and some are external to Cash App's proprietary tool.
These systems and tools include Regulator, Toolbox, Notary, TLOXP, Google/ Internet, Looker, Tableau, CSI,
Middesk, Alloy, Box.com and CLEAR. Specialists require access to all systems and tools listed and
additionally, specialists require Compliance specific roles to ensure access to job specific functionalities.
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.4 Queue Parameters
Cash App utilizes various proprietary algorithms to create cases for the KYC team to review. This includes
automated case alerts generated in queues and periodic or manual reports for review. Case alerts and
reports are generated using machine-learning, heuristics, and manual methodologies.
Cash App’s COM team queues are established and maintained by internal Engineering team(s). Any new
queues or recommended changes to the existing queue models for the KYC team are reviewed and approved
by the Customer Onboarding Lead.
4.5 Quality Control
The Quality Control (“QC”) team recognizes the importance of ensuring that compliance standards are
functioning optimally while assessing performance and enabling precise and accurate reviews, as well as
appropriate risk based controls. The QC team is an independent team that ensures actions taken on
individual accounts are in line with review procedures, and are based on the overall reputational, operational,
and regulatory risk posed. Essential functions of the QC process include creating a feedback loop for the
COM team to continuously identify opportunities for improvement, assessing potential operational gaps to
remediate deficiencies, and developing and disseminating quality control reporting.
4.6 New Product Launches
The COM KYC Program Manager is responsible for providing an advisory function as well as engaging with
the business unit operations team on new product launches.
4.10 Risk Assessment
Cash App’s Global Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) and KYC Risk Assessments are completed annually by the
Block Governance and Program Support team’s Risk Assessment with input/feedback from the Customer
Onboarding or KYC operation teams. The risk assessments are reviewed and approved by the GCCO or
applicable in-country CCO. Risk assessments may also occur off-cycle as a result of international expansion,
the introduction of new products or services, material changes to existing products or services, or new or
material changes to regulatory requirements.
5. Document Management
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the COM KYC Program Manager or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
All full-time Cash employees and contractors receive Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”)/AML and OFAC training at
least once per calendar year. Upon onboarding newly hired COM Operations Analysts are provided role
specific training relating to alert review and proper manager escalations as outlined in the C4B user guides .
Ongoing training requirements are set by the COM Lead and may be deemed necessary based on
performance, changes to processes, or the implementation of new processes.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
A key aspect of the C4B standard is leveraging dashboards to track KYB metrics, enabling effective
monitoring and reporting of standard performance. Dashboards are used to identify potential gaps through
random sampling to help drive and determine any need for additional monitoring.
Both programmatic and operational reporting are used to allow visibility of Block’s AML risk exposure and
overall performance. Programmatic reporting provides transparency into the KYB standard performance and
gauges compliance impact to the business, through the tracking of negative actions taken on C4B
customer’s accounts, and escalation activity into the Financial Crimes’ SAR investigations team.
8. Exceptions
The Document Owner (COM KYC Program Manager) or designee will have authority to approve exceptions
and/or exemptions to this Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate
applicable laws and regulations. Standard exception requests must be documented in writing, include a
reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate
risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained
with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
17

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Standard Governance team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
10. Related Documentation or References
Related Policy Cash App KYC Policy
Related Document Cash App KYC Program
Related Program COM Sanctions Program
Related Procedure Cash App EDD Procedure for C4B customers
Related Program Customer Risk Rating Program
11. Revision & Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Anjali Khullar Program Management Reviewed/No Impact Jun 24, 2024
Lead
Vanessa Rioux COM Ops Lead Reviewed/No Impact Jun 24, 2024
Adrian Gardner Head of COM Reviewed/No Impact Jun 24, 2024
Sarah Edwards Counsel Reviewed/No Impact Jul 22, 2024
Approval History
Version Approver Title Type Description Date
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
18

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1.0 Jonathan COM Program Creation Block performs analysis Mar 18, 2024
Diaz Manager of the need for the
standard. Standard is
drafted.
1.0 Adrian Head of COM Initial Appr… Initial review and Sep 19, 2024
Gardner approval
2.0 Adrian Head of COM Scheduled … Updates documenting Mar 28, 2025
Gardner enhancements to C4B
KYB monitoring
12. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Anti-Financial Crimes
Document Owner COM KYC Program Manager
Last Approval Date Mar 28, 2025
Effective Date Mar 31, 2025
Approved By Head of Cash App Customer Onboarding and Management
Document Review Schedule Annually [March 2025]
Know Your Business (KYB) Standard | Cash App | U.S.
19