Anti Money Laundering
and Counter Terrorism
Financing Program
(Australia)
Afterpay | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd
16 December 2025
Date of Approval

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 2

Confidential
Table of Contents
1. Definitions 5
2. Introduction 8
2.1 Afterpay overview 8
2.2 Afterpay’s AML/CTF Program 9
2.2.1 Part A 9
2.2.2 Part B 10
2.2.3 Document Hierarchy 10
3. Key Concepts 10
3.1 What is money laundering? 10
3.2 What is terrorism financing? 10
3.3 AML/CTF obligations 11
4. Key Personnel 11
Part A 12
5. General Obligations 12
5.1 Purpose 12
5.2 Risk-based approach 12
5.3 Designated Services 12
5.4 Board and Senior Management oversight 13
5.5. Changes to the AML/CTF Program 15
5.6. Exception Process for Part B AML/CTF Program 15
5.6.1 Consumer on-boarding 15
5.7 Appointment of AML/CTF Compliance Officer 16
5.8 Independent review 17
5.9 AUSTRAC feedback & guidance 17
5.9.1 AUSTRAC feedback 17
5.9.2 Board and Senior Management action 18
5.9.3 AUSTRAC guidance 18
5.10 Breach escalation procedures 19
5.10.1 Breach reporting process 19
5.10.2 Notification of AML/CTF breaches 19
5.11 Record keeping 19
6. Reporting Obligations 20
6.1 Compliance reports 20
6.2 Suspicious matter reporting 20
6.2.1 Unusual activity reports 21
6.2.2 Law enforcement and government agencies 22
6.2.3 Forming a suspicion 22
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 3

Confidential
6.2.4 Tipping off 24
6.3 Threshold transactions 24
6.4 International funds transfer instructions 25
6.5 Changes to enrolment details 25
7. Ongoing Customer Due Diligence 25
7.1 KYC refresh 26
7.2 Transaction monitoring program 26
7.2.1 Automated transaction monitoring system 26
7.2.2 Manual transaction monitoring 27
7.3 Enhanced customer due diligence 28
7.3.2 Risk-based KYC and further KYC Protocols 29
7.3.2 Suspension or termination of customer relationship 30
8. Employee Training and Due Diligence Program 31
8.1 AML/CTF risk awareness training 31
8.1.1 Training 31
8.1.2 Regular refresher training 32
8.1.3 Board training 32
8.2 Employee due diligence 32
8.3 Employee management 32
9. Risk Assessment 33
9.1 Introduction 33
9.2 Summary of risk assessment result 33
9.3 Ongoing risk assessment 34
10. Third Parties 35
10.1 External Service Providers or Vendors 35
10.2 Intra-group outsourcing to Block 36
11. Document Details 37
11.1 Document Owner 37
11.2 Review and Approval 37
11.3 Exceptions 37
11.4 Related Documents 37
11.5 Revision & Approval History 37
11.6 Document Details 39
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 4

Confidential
1. Definitions
Term Meaning
Afterpay Afterpay Australia Pty Limited ACN 169 342 947.
Afterpay the board of Directors for Afterpay.
Board
AML/CTF anti-money laundering and terrorism financing.
AML/CTF Act the Anti Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth).
AML/CTF the Anti Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing Rules
Rules
Instrument 2007 (No. 1).
AML/CTF Laws the AML/CTF Act and the AML/CTF Rules.
AML/CTF Afterpay’s Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Program.
Program
AUSTRAC the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (“AUSTRAC”), which is
Australia’s anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing regulator
and financial intelligence unit.
AUSTRAC refers to feedback provided to Afterpay by AUSTRAC as described in Section
Feedback
5.10.1 of Part A of the AML/CTF Program.
Authorised means those persons defined as ‘Level 2 Reviewer’ in the Customer Due
Person
Diligence and Reporting SOP.
Automated the automated transaction monitoring system employed by Afterpay and
Transaction
described in Section 7.1.1 of Part A of the AML/CTF Program.
Monitoring
System
Block Block, Inc., an enterprise incorporated under the laws of the United States and
is Afterpay’s ultimate parent company.
Business Day a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public or bank holiday in
Melbourne, Australia.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 5

Confidential
Term Meaning
Consumer an individual end-consumer who utilises, or seeks to utilise, Afterpay’s “buy
now pay later” services. For the purpose of this AML/CTF Program, Consumers
are Afterpay’s Customers.
Customer a person to whom Afterpay provides (or is asked to provide) a Designated
Service. For the purpose of this AML/CTF Program, Afterpay’s Customers are
synonymous with its Consumers.
Designated the Designated Services in Table 1, Section 6 of the AML/CTF Act that are
Services
provided by Afterpay, as identified in Section 5.3 of Part A of the AML/CTF
Program.
Enhanced Enhanced customer due diligence (“ECDD”) process is outlined in Section 7 of
Customer Due
this Program.
Diligence.
Employees includes full-time, part-time and casual employees, contractors and agents
engaged by Afterpay, or acting on Afterpay’s behalf, for the purpose of
performing certain services for the benefit of Afterpay.
Manual the manual transaction monitoring processes employed by Afterpay and
Monitoring
described in Section 7 of Part A of the AML/CTF Program.
Merchant those individuals, partnerships, companies, trusts and legal entities with
whom Afterpay has an arrangement to pay the value of purchases made by a
Consumer using Afterpay’s “buy-now-pay-later” loan product and who offer
goods or services for sale to Consumers. For the avoidance of doubt, Afterpay
does not provide a designated service to these Merchants, rather, they are
part of the process for the provision of the loan products to the Consumer.
ML/TF Risk the risk that Afterpay may reasonably face that its provision of Designated
Services may involve or facilitate money laundering or terrorism financing.
Politically Politically Exposed Person (“PEP”).
Exposed
Person
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 6

Confidential
Term Meaning
Reporting providers of Designated Services as that term is defined under the AML/CTF
Entities
Act.
Risk Afterpay Australia’s Money Laundering / Terrorism Financing and Sanctions
Assessment
Risk Assessment, which is the assessment of the ML/TF Risk that underpins
the AML/CTF Program.
Senior includes a member of Afterpay’s Leadership Team or a member of the Block
Management
Compliance Core organisation.
Suspicious Suspicious Matter Report (“SMRs”) are reported to AUSTRAC when a suspicion
Matter Report
is formed on reasonable grounds.
Unusual Unusual Activity Report. (“ UAR”) may be generated as a result of either the
Activity Automated Transaction Monitoring System or Manual Monitoring.
Report
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 7

Confidential
2. Introduction
2.1 Afterpay overview
Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd (“Afterpay”) is a subsidiary of Afterpay Pty Ltd, an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Block, Inc.1
Afterpay is registered as a Reporting Entity with AUSTRAC and is a ‘non-bank lending and financier,
non-deposit taking lender (NBNDTL)’, i.e., a non-bank institution that offers loans, but does not hold
a banking licence.
Afterpay offers a ‘buy now, pay later’ (“BNPL”) service allowing Consumers to make interest free
purchases at participating Merchants and pay for them over four instalments. Consumers fund the
repayment of the instalments to Afterpay from debit or credit cards. Afterpay pays the Merchant the
purchase price of the goods (less a fee), and assumes all Consumer non-payment risk. Afterpay
settles these funds to the Merchant’s nominated bank account by providing instructions to its local
bank partner to make those payments. There is no charge to the Consumer for the use of Afterpay
BNPL as long as payments are made in accordance with their payment schedule.
Afterpay’s BNPL service can also be accessed at Merchant stores who are Customers of Afterpay
(known as in-network), via the Afterpay and Afterpay Plus Cards, or at Merchant stores who are not
Customers of Afterpay (known as out-of-network), via the Afterpay Plus Card.
Afterpay also allows Australian Consumers to purchase goods and services from eligible Merchants
who are customers of Afterpay in other markets where Afterpay is located. For Australian Consumers,
this is limited to Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States. Reciprocally, an
eligible Australian Merchant can sell goods and services to Consumers in those same markets. This
payment mechanism is called Cross Border Trade (“CBT”). Payments to fund purchases and settle
funds to eligible Merchants in these markets are conducted through payment services provided by
Afterpay’s local bank. For payments relating to CBT transactions, Afterpay’s Consumers continue to
repay their instalments to Afterpay, which are made via the Customers Debit or Credit card via our
payment acquiring partners.
1 As at 1 February 2022.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 8

Confidential
Afterpay does not conduct IFTIs (International Funds Transfer Instruction), cash transactions nor
other transactions that would be subject to specific Designated Services or other prescribed
reporting obligations.
2.2 Afterpay’s AML/CTF Program
This Anti Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing Program (“AML/CTF Program”) is a
standard AML/CTF program as defined by section 84(1) of the AML/CTF Act. It applies to Afterpay
Australia Pty Limited ACN 169 342 947 and its directors, officers, employees, contractors and third
parties.
This AML/CTF Program applies to all areas of Afterpay's business that are involved in the provision of
a Designated Service. This includes any function that is carried out on Afterpay's behalf by a third
party.
Afterpay adopts this AML/CTF Program from the date of approval by the Board of Directors.
The AML/CTF Program is divided into two parts, Part A and Part B. This document is Part A.
2.2.1 Part A
Part A of this AML/CTF Program is designed in accordance with section 84(2) of the AML/CTF Act. It
sets out the framework of the processes, systems and controls that Afterpay uses to assess its ML/TF
Risk and to identify, mitigate and manage that ML/TF Risk. Part A is to apply to all areas of its
business that are involved in the provision of a designated service, including in relation to any
function carried out by a third party.
Part A contains risk-based systems and controls that have been designed having regard to:
● the nature, size and complexity of the business conducted by Afterpay; and
● the type of ML/TF Risk that may reasonably be faced by Afterpay.
2.2.2 Part B
Part B of this AML/CTF Program is designed in accordance with section 84(3) of the AML/CTF Act. It
sets out the applicable customer identification procedures for Afterpay’s Customers (who for the
purpose of this AML/CTF Program are Consumers) and other relevant persons.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 9

Confidential
3. Key Concepts
3.1 What is money laundering?
Money Laundering is a serious crime. Money laundering involves hiding, disguising or legitimising
the true origin and ownership of money used in or derived from committing crimes. It is an
extremely diverse activity that is carried out at various levels of sophistication and plays an important
role in organised crime.
The AML/CTF Act defines “money laundering” as conduct that amounts to an offence against
Division 400 of the Criminal Code Act 1995 (Cth) or a corresponding law of a State, Territory or foreign
country.
3.2 What is terrorism financing?
The World Bank defines ‘terrorism financing’ as the financial support, in any form, of terrorism or of
those who encourage, plan or engage in terrorism and this can be divided into two broad areas:
● Funding of terrorist attacks – funding the cost of an actual attack, including cost of
firearms, explosives and travel; and
● Logistical funding – funding required to support groups or individuals who may plan a
terrorist attack or recruit for and provide training to the groups.
3.3 AML/CTF obligations
The AML/CTF Act imposes a number of obligations on Reporting Entities with a view to detecting,
deterring and disrupting money laundering, terrorism financing and other serious financial crimes
and meeting various related objectives.
Reporting Entities must have an AML/CTF program in place that meets the requirements of the
AML/CTF Laws.
The Designated Services provided by Afterpay are outlined in Section 5.3 of Part A of this AML/CTF
Program.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 10

Confidential
4. Key Personnel
Role Person Date Commenced Role
AML/CTF Compliance Officer Martina Kann 30 March 2023
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 11

Confidential
Part A
5. General Obligations
5.1 Purpose
The purpose of this Part A is to identify, mitigate and manage Afterpay’s ML/TF Risk. Part A also
sets out the things Afterpay does to ensure we comply with our obligations under the AML/CTF
Laws.
5.2 Risk-based approach
This AML/CTF Program is a risk-based program. It sets out the ways that Afterpay mitigates and
manages the specific ML/TF Risk, and risks relating to serious financial crime, that it has identified
through its Risk Assessment.
It is also a requirement of this AML/CTF Program that, in determining the applicable customer
identification procedures for Part B, Afterpay has regard to the ML/TF Risk relevant to its provision of
Designated Services and its Customers, including the provisions outlined in Part B of this Program.
All Afterpay Customers are initially and periodically ML/TF risk assessed throughout their lifecycle
according to the Global Consumer Risk Rating Program. The Global Consumer Risk Rating Program
operates in conjunction with Afterpay’s Ongoing Customer Due Diligence Program.
This program is informed by the outcome of the ML/TF and Sanctions Risk Assessment that Afterpay
has undertaken. A high level summary of the Risk Assessment is included in Section 9 of this
AML/CTF Program.
5.3 Designated Services
Afterpay provides Designated Services to Customers as follows:
Item of table 1 in section Type of Designated Service Customer
6 of AML/CTF Act
Item 6 Making a loan, where the loan is Individual end-customers who
made in the course of carrying seek to utilise Afterpay’s “buy
on a loans business. now pay later” services (referred
to in this AML/CTF Program as
Consumers).
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 12

Confidential
Item 7 In the capacity of: (a) lender for Individual end-customers who
a loan; or (b) assignee (whether seek to utilise Afterpay’s “buy
immediate or otherwise) of the now pay later” services (again
lender for a loan; allowing the referred to in this AML/CTF
borrower to conduct a Program as Consumers).
transaction in relation to the
loan, where the loan was made
in the course of carrying on a
loans business.
Item 1 Opening an account, as a The holder of the account,
participant in a designated being the Individual
payment scheme. This item is end-customers who seek to
deemed coincidental to item 7. utilise Afterpay’s “buy now pay
later” services via Afterpay Card
/ Afterpay Plus Card.
Item 3 Allowing transactions on an The holder of the account,
account, as a participant in a being the Individual
designated payment scheme. end-customers who seek to
utilise Afterpay’s “buy now pay
later” services via Afterpay Card
/ Afterpay Plus Card.
Items 6 and 7 relate to Afterpay's “buy now, pay later” loan products. A brief summary of how the ‘buy
now pay later’ product works is below:
● Afterpay has an arrangement with Merchants to pay the value of purchases made by a
Consumer using Afterpay’s “buy-now-pay-later” loan product;
● Afterpay then provides a loan product (Designated Service) to the Consumer;
● Under the loan product the Consumer repays the loan to Afterpay by making four
repayments to Afterpay.
Items 1 and 3 are co-incidental to the provision of Designated Service items 6 and 7 in that they
relate to the specific way Customers can transact via the Afterpay Card / Afterpay Plus Card
mechanisms to purchase goods and services.
5.4 Board and Senior Management oversight
Part A of the AML/CTF Program must be approved and adopted by both the Afterpay Board and by
Senior Management.
Part A of the AML/CTF Program must also be subject to the ongoing oversight of the Afterpay Board
and Senior Management.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 13

Confidential
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer provides updates to the Afterpay Board and Senior Management
regarding AML/CTF compliance. These are provided in accordance with the following minimum
mandatory update points:
● the AML/CTF Compliance Officer is to present Part A of the AML/CTF Program for formal
re-approval by the Afterpay Board approximately every 12 months regardless of whether
any changes have been made to it;
● AML/CTF compliance will be reported annually to the Afterpay Board and Senior
Management; and
● to ensure that the Afterpay Board and Senior Management have the necessary
knowledge and skill to carry out their oversight functions, they will receive AML/CTF
training as referred to in Section 8 of this AML/CTF Program.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will also provide updates to the Afterpay Board and Senior
Management concerning each of the following:
● subject to the process described in Section 5.5, changes to this AML/CTF Program or Risk
Assessment;
● reports of, or the results from, independent reviews, compliance assessments, or other
assessments as to Afterpay’s current state of compliance with the AML/CTF Laws;
● program reviews including identification of, and progress in relation to, AML/CTF
processes, systems and controls or other aspects of AML/CTF compliance requiring uplift;
● AUSTRAC feedback, the management of AUSTRAC feedback and information provided to
AUSTRAC (such as AML/CTF compliance reports or responses to notices);
● business trends which may include operational metrics (for example, volumes of
transactions and SMRs);
● regulatory changes, market developments or identification of new risk typologies;
● identification of breaches of AML/CTF Laws; and
● any other subject matter that the AML/CTF Compliance Officer considers appropriate to
bring to Afterpay’s Board and/or Senior Management's attention.
5.5. Changes to the AML/CTF Program
This AML/CTF Program is not a static document. It will be amended over time if the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer believes that such a change is necessary. This will occur if:
● there are changes to the AML/CTF Laws that alter Afterpay’s AML/CTF obligations;
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 14

Confidential
● Afterpay expands or alters its business (including the introduction of new products or
services) and the AML/CTF Compliance Officer believes that the processes outlined in this
AML/CTF Program are no longer sufficient to guard against the ML/TF Risk posed by the
new business; or
● the AML/CTF Compliance Officer believes that a change in the ML/TF Risk posed by the
provision of the Designated Services justifies a change to the AML/CTF Program.
Subject to Section 5.6 below:
● any material changes to the Risk Assessment and Part A of the AML/CTF Program must
be approved by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, Afterpay’s Board and Senior
Management;
● any non-material changes however, can be approved by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
only and provided for noting to Afterpay’s Board and Senior Management at the next
convenient opportunity; and
● any changes to Part B of the AML/CTF Program must be approved by the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer and provided for noting to Afterpay’s Board and Senior Management
at the next convenient opportunity.
5.6. Exception Process for Part B AML/CTF Program
5.6.1 Consumer on-boarding
There may be rare circumstances in which Afterpay wishes to on-board a particular Consumer in a
manner that does not conform with its usual on-boarding processes, systems and controls as set out
in the AML/CTF Program.
In this scenario, and before progressing with on-boarding activities, Afterpay must:
● undertake an assessment of the ML/TF Risk of the proposed on-boarding scenario for the
relevant Consumer;
● determine whether there is an appropriate new (or varied) on-boarding process for the
relevant Consumer, having regard to the assessment of ML/TF Risk and the requirements
of the AML/CTF Laws; and
● if it wishes to proceed in accordance with that new (or varied) process, the process must
be approved by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer and that process will be taken to form
part of Part B of the AML/CTF Program for the particular Consumer. The Know Your
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 15

Confidential
Customer (KYC) processes relevant to such an exception will be undertaken in accordance
with the relevant sections of the AML/CTF Laws and any assessment of ML/TF Risk
undertaken in accordance with (1) above.
Exceptions will be recorded by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer in a register that is maintained in
accordance with the record keeping obligations in Section 5.11.
5.7 Appointment of AML/CTF Compliance Officer
Afterpay has designated an AML/CTF Compliance Officer who is at management level. This
appointment has been approved by the Board. Refer to Section 4 of this Part A Program for details of
personnel.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer has the full authorisation from the Board and Senior Management
of Afterpay to act independently of them to fulfil its role, including the autonomy and ability to
escalate matters to the Board/Senior Management, if required.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer is responsible for the maintenance and day-to-day oversight of the
AML/CTF Program and ensuring that Afterpay meets its requirements under the AML/CTF Act and
the AML/CTF Rules. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer provides updates to the Afterpay Board and
Senior Management regarding AML/CTF compliance as set out in Section 5.4 above.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may temporarily delegate their duties to an individual at
management level who has undertaken the requisite AML/CTF training and screening, and is at a
level of seniority appropriate to carry out the duties of an AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
If the position of the AML/CTF Officer becomes vacant, the Afterpay Board will appoint a new
AML/CTF Officer who is at the management level as soon as is reasonably practicable.
5.8 Independent review
The AML/CTF Rules require that this Part A is subject to regular independent review, by an internal or
external party, at frequencies that take into account the nature, size and complexity of Afterpay’s
business and the type and level of ML/TF Risk that it may face. Having regard to those factors, Block’s
Internal Audit team, in consultation with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer, will determine the
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 16

Confidential
appropriate party/parties to undertake an independent and professional review of Part A of its
AML/CTF Program, and its associated procedures and practices, at least once every two years. More
frequent independent reviews may be obtained if the AML/CTF Compliance Officer determines that
it is appropriate.
The purpose of the independent review is to assess:
● the effectiveness of Part A of the AML/CTF Program having regard to Afterpay’s ML/TF
Risk;
● whether Part A of the AML/CTF Program complies with the AML/CTF Rules;
● whether Part A of the AML/CTF Program has been effectively implemented; and
● whether Afterpay has complied with Part A of the AML/CTF Program.
In addition to considering these matters, the independent review may consider any other matters
that the AML/CTF Compliance Officer determines are appropriate including, but not limited to, Part
B of the AML/CTF Program.
The results of the independent review (including any reports prepared) will be provided to the
Afterpay Board and Senior Management. The Afterpay Board holds Afterpay’s Senior Management
accountable to fully remediate any deficiencies they are accountable for in a timely manner. Further
details can be found in Block’s Compliance Audit, Exam & Independent Assessment Management
Program.
5.9 AUSTRAC feedback & guidance
5.9.1 AUSTRAC feedback
Afterpay may receive direct feedback (either written or oral) from AUSTRAC from time to time, in
respect of AML/CTF compliance or other matters relevant to the identification, mitigation or
management of ML/TF Risk arising from the provision of a Designated Service. This may be specific
to Afterpay, or industry-wide feedback.
Following receipt of AUSTRAC Feedback, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will:
● consider the AUSTRAC Feedback and any necessary action that Afterpay will need to take
to ensure ongoing compliance with AML/CTF Laws;
● consult with AUSTRAC as is appropriate in the circumstances; and
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 17

Confidential
● provide a report containing the relevant details of the AUSTRAC Feedback and the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer's recommendations in relation to the action to be taken (if
any) in respect of the AUSTRAC Feedback, to the Afterpay Board and Senior Management
as soon as practicable following the receipt of the AUSTRAC Feedback.
5.9.2 Board and Senior Management action
The Afterpay Board or Senior Management receiving this information will review the report provided
by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer and will take the action that they believe is necessary after
considering:
● any recommendations from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer; and
● any other material it / they consider(s) relevant.
If appropriate, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will inform AUSTRAC of the action (if any) that
Afterpay has decided to take in relation to the AUSTRAC Feedback.
5.9.3 AUSTRAC guidance
From time to time, AUSTRAC may publish or disseminate guidance material that is relevant to the
identification, mitigation, and management of ML/TF risks arising from the provision of a Designated
Service.
In these circumstances the AML/CTF Compliance Officer may:
● consider the guidance and any necessary action that Afterpay will need to take in respect
of the guidance;
● consult with AUSTRAC as is appropriate; and
● provide an update containing material action to be taken (if any), to Afterpay’s Board and
Senior Management.
5.10 Breach escalation procedures
5.10.1 Breach reporting process
Breaches (or apparent breaches) of the AML/CTF Laws or this AML/CTF Program must be reported to
the AML/CTF Compliance Officer. All breaches or apparent breaches are to be recorded in the
Incident Register, pursuant to the Incident Management Policy.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 18

Confidential
5.10.2 Notification of AML/CTF breaches
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will notify Afterpay’s Board and Senior Management where it is
identified that there has been a failure to comply with any system, control or procedure established
in accordance with Part A or Part B that has not been, or is incapable of being, fully remedied by
Afterpay within five business days.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer considers the breach and prepares a plan of action. This may
include one or more of the following:
● preparation of a targeted project plan to remedy the breach;
● creation of a timeline for further review of any relevant parts of this AML/CTF Program;
● commission of alterations to the AML/CTF Program or underlying policies and procedures;
● alterations to particular products or services, or the Afterpay business model; or
● such other action as Senior Management considers is appropriate.
If appropriate, Senior Management alongside the ANZ Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee
(ANZ GRC) will approve a plan of action. The details of the breach and the plan of action will then be
presented to the Afterpay Board by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer. The Afterpay Board will review
the information provided and will take the action that they believe is necessary after considering:
a. a report from the AML/CTF Compliance Officer; and
b. any other material it considers relevant.
5.11 Record keeping
In accordance with Part 10 of the AML/CTF Act, we will keep a record, or a copy or extract of the
record, of:
● the Designated Services we provided to a Customer, for 7 years after the making of the
record; and
● the customer identification procedures we used to identify a Customer (including
verification information), for the duration of the Customer relationship and an additional 7
years after we have ceased to provide the Designated Services to the Customer; and
● the adoption of an AML/CTF Program or an amendment to the AML/CTF Program for a
period of 7 years from the date that the adoption ceases to be in force; and
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 19

Confidential
● each AML/CTF Program adopted, and any amendments to the AML/CTF Program that are
adopted, for a period of 7 years from the date that the adoption ceases to be in force; and
● the exceptions register referred to in 5.6 above for a period of 7 years since the last entry.
Afterpay will also retain records that assist in demonstrating its compliance with the AML/CTF
Program for the required period as stated in the AML/CTF Laws. This includes, but is not limited to,
records relating to Employee Due Diligence and AML/CTF risk awareness training programs.
Further details about Afterpay’s record keeping requirements under this AML/CTF Program are set
out in Block’s Data Retention Standard.
6. Reporting Obligations
6.1 Compliance reports
Section 47 of the AML/CTF Act requires Afterpay to lodge an annual compliance report with
AUSTRAC, in an approved form and containing such information as is required, in accordance with
Chapter 11 of the AML/CTF Rules.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will consult with relevant Employees to prepare and submit the
annual AUSTRAC compliance report in the first quarter of each calendar year, in respect of activities
undertaken in the previous calendar year. The report is submitted electronically to AUSTRAC via
AUSTRAC Online.
6.2 Suspicious matter reporting
Section 41 of the AML/CTF Act requires Afterpay to report various matters to AUSTRAC when it forms
a suspicion about them on reasonable grounds. These matters are described further in Section 6.2.3
below. Reportable suspicions must be the subject of an SMR that is lodged with AUSTRAC within 24
hours if the suspicion relates to the financing of terrorism and within 3 business days from forming
the suspicion in all other cases.
Afterpay reviews unusual activity, forms suspicions and reports SMRs in accordance with the
processes set out in our Customer Due Diligence and Reporting SOP. This is not limited to
circumstances in which a Designated Service is in fact provided but will include consideration of
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 20

Confidential
unusual requests and inquiries about a particular Designated Service. A summary of this process is
below. It follows the following basic structure:
● a UAR is submitted through either the Automated Transaction Monitoring System
described in Section 7.2.1 below, or the Manual Transaction Monitoring process described
in Section 7.2.2 below;
● this UAR is reviewed within the timeframes mandated, and according to a priority order
based on ML/TF Risk; and
● an SMR will be filed by an Authorised Person who is authorised to form suspicions and file
SMRs on behalf of Afterpay, as set out in the Customer Due Diligence and Reporting SOP.
All SMRs are submitted to AUSTRAC via AUSTRAC Online using the form and content structure
provided by AUSTRAC.
6.2.1 Unusual activity reports
UARs are used by Afterpay to summarise information that requires further investigation. A UAR may
be prepared through either the Automated Transaction Monitoring System or Manual Transaction
Monitoring. Afterpay uses this approach to ensure that all reports of unusual activity are reviewed by
an appropriately trained team, regardless of how they are generated.
Because UARs comprise the sum of all transaction monitoring data, Afterpay categorises and
prioritises the UARs to ensure that the cases with potentially higher levels of ML/TF Risk are
considered first. The prioritisation of UARs is described in the UAR Instruction. Afterpay will review
UARs in the following order:
● any UAR that is tagged with the term 'terrorism financing'; and
● all other UARs.
This review may include, but is not limited to, any one or more of the following:
● analysis of the transactions against the profile of the Merchant or the Consumer to
determine whether transactions are complex, unusually large for that Merchant or
Consumer, or display unusual patterns of transactions, and in either case are transactions
which have no apparent economic or visible lawful purpose;
● allocation of a higher risk level to a Consumer;
● application of the ECDD procedures set out in Section 7.3; and
● form a suspicion and file a SMR as outlined in Section 6.2.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 21

Confidential
The reviewer will carry out the process detailed in the Customer Due Diligence and Reporting SOP.
6.2.2 Law enforcement and government agencies
Following assessment, a UAR may be submitted that is associated with an enquiry from law
enforcement or other government agencies or authorities about a particular Consumer, Merchant or
transaction.
6.2.3 Forming a suspicion
An SMR must be provided to AUSTRAC if Afterpay suspects on reasonable grounds that:
● a Customer, an agent or beneficial owner of a Customer, or prospective Customer,
beneficial owner or agent, is not who they claim to be; or
● information concerning the provision or prospective provision (whether from a proposal
or request for the Designated Service or an inquiry about whether Afterpay would be
willing or prepared to provide it) of a Designated Service, or a payment in connection with
a Designated Service may be:
○ relevant to the investigation or prosecution of a person for, or evasion or
attempted evasion of, any State, Territory or Federal taxation law, or an offence
against a law of the Commonwealth or of a State or Territory, or may be of
assistance to enforcement of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (Cth) or regulations
under that Act, or any State or Territory law that corresponds to the Proceeds of
Crime Act 2002 (Cth) or regulations under that Act; or
○ preparatory to a financing of terrorism offence, relevant to the investigation of an
offence of financing of terrorism, preparatory to the commission of a money
laundering offence, or relevant to the investigation or prosecution of a money
laundering offence.
SMRs must be related to a Designated Service of a kind that Afterpay ordinarily provides and must
be lodged even if the Designated Service does not proceed.
By approving this AML/CTF Program, the Afterpay Board confirm and approve the agreed protocol
regarding authorisation to form a suspicion on behalf of Afterpay:
● only Authorised Persons may form a suspicion and/or file a SMR on behalf of Afterpay;
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 22

Confidential
● these individuals have the expertise and have received relevant training required to
perform this role.
The Customer Due Diligence and Reporting SOP contains the process by which Afterpay reviews
information, forms suspicions and reports to AUSTRAC. This process is summarised below.
● if an Authorised Person forms a suspicion on reasonable grounds that relates to the
financing of terrorism as referred to in section 41 of the AML/CTF Act, Afterpay will submit
a SMR to the AUSTRAC CEO within 24 hours of forming the suspicion.
● if an Authorised Person forms a suspicion on reasonable grounds that relates to any
matter referred to in section 41 of the AML/CTF Act other than the financing of terrorism,
Afterpay will submit a SMR to the AUSTRAC CEO within 3 business days of forming the
suspicion.
● appropriate systems, controls and procedures have been designed to ensure Afterpay
complies with its obligations in relation to SMRs. These include:
○ Training - all Afterpay Employees will receive appropriate training in accordance
with Section 8.1, which includes training designed to ensure Afterpay does not
warn or ‘tip off’ Customers or others in relation to whom a suspicion has arisen or a
SMR has been lodged, and training to enable them to identify unusual activity that
may warrant a UAR; and
○ Authorisation - only Authorised Persons are authorised to form a suspicion on
reasonable grounds and submit SMRs to AUSTRAC. These persons receive
appropriate training to identify whether activity in a UAR may give rise to a
suspicion on reasonable grounds and to complete SMRs in accordance with the
AML/CTF Laws.
6.2.4 Tipping off
Under section 123(1) of the AML/CTF Act it is an offence for Afterpay and its employees to disclose
information covered by section 123(2) to any other person except an AUSTRAC entrusted person,
where the disclosure could reasonably be expected to prejudice an investigation of an offence
against a a law of the Commonwealth or of a State and Territory, or an investigation for the purposes
of the Proceeds of Crime Act or corresponding law of a state or territory.
Afterpay has the following protocols in place that reduce the risk of tipping off:
● only an Authorised Person may form a suspicion or file a SMR;
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 23

Confidential
● information regarding SMRs is not readily accessible on the Customer’s file and is only to
be provided to persons within Afterpay, other than the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or
delegate, Authorised Persons and the Regulatory Counsel, where it is determined that
they need to know that information to fulfil the requirements of their role;
● no information in respect of a notice issued under section 49 or section 49B of the
AML/CTF Act is to be provided to any third party unless Afterpay’s Regulatory Counsel has
first confirmed that it is allowed under section 123 the AML/CTF Act; and
● all Employees receive training regarding tipping off.
6.3 Threshold transactions
Section 43 of the AML/CTF Act requires Reporting Entities that provide threshold transactions to
lodge a TTR (Transaction Threshold Report) with AUSTRAC within 10 business days of the transaction
taking place. Threshold transactions are transactions involving the movement of physical currency or
e-currency to the value of AUD$ 10,000 or more (or the foreign currency equivalent). (Note: this may
constitute one or more related transactions). They do not include transactions conducted by way of
electronic bank transfer.
Afterpay does not provide cash loans or deposit loan values directly to Consumers. Instead, it makes
a payment to the relevant Merchant by way of electronic transfer in exchange for the Consumer
receiving the goods.
Afterpay does not deal in physical currency so it does not currently need to file TTRs.
6.4 International funds transfer instructions
Section 45 of the AML/CTF Act requires Reporting Entities that send or receive IFTIs to lodge an IFTI
report with AUSTRAC within 10 business days of the instruction being sent or received (as
appropriate).
Any instruction Afterpay sends or receives as the last point of transmission out of Australia, or the
first point into Australia, which involves the transfer of money or property must be reported to
AUSTRAC by an IFTI report.
Afterpay does not deal with IFTIs so it does not currently need to file an IFTI report.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 24

Confidential
6.5 Changes to enrolment details
Afterpay will advise the AUSTRAC CEO of any changes to Afterpay's enrolment details which were
provided to AUSTRAC when it enrolled as a reporting entity. This includes updating Afterpay’s annual
earnings where earnings of A$ 100 million or more occur.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will notify the AUSTRAC CEO of any changes within 14 days of the
change arising.
7. Ongoing Customer Due Diligence
Afterpay has the obligation to monitor its customers on an ongoing basis, which is known as
Ongoing Customer Due Diligence (OCDD). The aim of OCDD is to identify, mitigate and manage the
risk that Afterpay’s products and services may be used to facilitate money laundering or terrorism
financing.
The OCDD program encompasses the following:
● the establishment of a process to review and update KYC information (known as the KYC
refresh program);
● the establishment of a transaction monitoring program;
● the establishment of an enhanced customer due diligence program (ECDD).
7.1 KYC refresh
Afterpay undertakes KYC Refresh to ensure it keeps, updates and reviews the documents, data and
information collected under the applicable Customer identification procedures contained in its Part
B.
Afterpay has implemented an automated process that prompts Consumers to confirm that their KYC
information is up to date. The frequency of KYC Refresh is determined by the Customer’s Risk Rating.
Low risk customers require a KYC refresh every three years, while medium risk customers have a
refresh frequency of every two years. High risk customers undergo a KYC refresh annually.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 25

Confidential
Afterpay also has a process whereby KYC information will be updated when Afterpay becomes aware
of a change to the Consumer’s profile or information based on triggers throughout the relationships
with the Consumer. Where KYC information is determined to require updating, further steps may be
undertaken to re-verify the Customer identification information against reliable and independent
electronic databases(s) and/or manual ID processes.
7.2 Transaction monitoring program
The AML/CTF Rules require that this Part A include a Transaction Monitoring Program which
includes appropriate risk-based systems and controls to monitor the transactions of Customers with
regard to complex, unusual large transactions and unusual patterns of transactions, which have no
apparent economic or visible lawful purpose. Afterpay carries out risk-based manual and automated
transaction monitoring processes as set out in the Customer Due Diligence and Reporting SOP. A
high-level summary of this process is set out below.
The Transaction Monitoring Program has been formulated by reference to Afterpay’s identification of
ML/TF Risks and has the purpose of identifying, having regard to those ML/TF Risks, any transaction
that appears to be suspicious as described in Section 6.2.3 above.
7.2.1 Automated transaction monitoring system
Afterpay applies an Automated Transaction Monitoring system, which runs a set of rules over all
Consumer and Merchant transactions on the Afterpay platform, and generates an alert if rule criteria
are met. This system is designed to detect behaviours that may indicate increased money
laundering and/or terrorism financing activities. The targeted rules run against customer transaction
data and populate a set of queues with alerts to review. The Automated Transaction Monitoring
system is governed by Block’s Model Governance Policy, and changes to the Automated Transaction
Monitoring system follow Block’s Model Change Management Procedure.
The Automated Transaction Monitoring rules are documented in Afterpay’s ANZ Transaction
Monitoring Rulebook’ and are as follows:
● in store sale made outside of regular business hours;
● high percentage of a Merchant’s customers are new customers;
● high percentage of a Consumers’ purchases are made with same Merchant;
● high percentage of a Merchant’s customers’ orders have been repaid early;
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 26

Confidential
● delivery address is in a high risk country;
● large value of refunds;
● account takeover;
● unusual Merchant activity, including outlier transactions, relative to the merchant’s
category average;
● multiple purchases of the same item from the same Merchant;
● collusion between Merchant and Consumer customers, and
● high proportion of a consumer’s orders are repaid early.
Afterpay also assesses Consumer thresholds limits at every individual transaction a Consumer makes
as a preventative control to minimise fraud risk and associated ML/TF risk as set out in Afterpay’s
Global Customer Risk Policy.
Further detail about the Automated Transaction Monitoring System, the rules currently
implemented and the steps taken by Afterpay once an alert is generated, is contained in the
Customer Due Diligence and Reporting SOP.
7.2.2 Manual transaction monitoring
Afterpay’s manual transaction monitoring process is comprised of Employees who are trained to
detect unusual activity, being:
● complex or unusually large transactions;
● transactions that exceed Afterpay’s internal thresholds and triggers;
● changes in account balances or levels of financial activity that are inconsistent with the
size of past account balances or expected activity;
● irregular or unusual patterns of account activity that are characteristic of money
laundering or terrorism financing or otherwise have no apparent economic or visible
purpose;
● significant number or unusual pattern of Consumer complaints for a particular Merchant;
● where there is a concern that a Consumer is not who they claim to be; or
● where Afterpay has received contact through law enforcement or other government
agencies about a particular Consumer, transaction or service.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 27

Confidential
This unusual activity is raised as UARs, which are reviewed by analysts, using a set of factors to
determine whether activity in an account is potentially suspicious and warrants the lodgement of a
SMR. The factors are a set of common red flag indicators based on typologies and best practices.
More information on how Afterpay undertakes automated and manual transaction monitoring, and
the outcomes when unusual behaviour is detected, is included in the Consumer Due Diligence &
Reporting SOP.
7.3 Enhanced customer due diligence
Afterpay will carry out ECDD where:
● it determines that the Consumer represents a high ML/TF risk to Afterpay by providing
the Designated Service;
● a high risk or foreign PEP is identified, including an existing Consumer who is, or who has
become a foreign PEP;
● a suspicion has arisen for the purposes of section 41 of the AML/CTF Act;
● it is entering into (or proposing to enter into) a transaction and a party to that transaction
is physically present in, or a corporation incorporated in, a prescribed foreign country; or
● it is deemed appropriate in any other situation by our AML/CTF Compliance Officer or
delegate.
When conducting ECDD Afterpay must undertake measures appropriate to the particular behaviour
or Customer type that is being investigated, including a range of the following measures:
a. clarifying or updating KYC information information already held;
b. collecting additional KYC information information, and taking steps to verify this
information where considered appropriate;
c. verifying or re-verifying KYC information;
d. undertaking more detailed analysis of the Consumer’s KYC information information, such
as through collecting employment details, details of how declared assets were
accumulated, the Consumer’s source of wealth and/or source of funds;
e. clarifying the nature of the Consumer’s ongoing business with us;
f. undertaking a detailed analysis of the Consumer’s transactions, with reference to the
purpose, reason for, or nature of specific transactions, and the expected nature and level
of transaction behaviour including into the future;
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 28

Confidential
g. seeking Senior Management approval to continue a business relationship, or to decide
whether a specific transaction should be processed, or whether the Designated Service
should continue to be provided to the Consumer;
h. determining to freeze, or determining not to lift a freeze of, the Consumer’s account, or
determining to terminate the Customer relationship.
In the case of high risk or foreign PEPs, it is mandatory for Afterpay’s ECDD processes to include
steps (d) and (g) above.
In undertaking the ECDD steps listed above, a reviewer may determine that a further suspicion may
have arisen in which case the information will be escalated in accordance with the SMR process
outlined in 6.2.3.
7.3.2 Risk-based KYC and further KYC Protocols
It is a requirement of the AML/CTF Rules that this Part A includes the risk-based systems and
controls that Afterpay uses to enable it to determine in what circumstances further KYC information
should be collected or verified in respect of Customers, to enable the review and update of KYC
information information for ongoing customer due diligence purposes.
Afterpay employs the risk-based systems and controls set out below to enable it to determine in
what circumstances further KYC information should be collected or verified in respect of Consumers.
This may apply at the time of on-boarding, or at a later date as a result of Afterpay's ongoing
customer due diligence. These situations include but are not limited to:
● Where ECDD has been triggered as set out in Section 7.3 above. In this case, Afterpay
follows the ECDD protocols and determines, as part of that process, whether there is a
need to collect/verify additional KYC information, or verify/update existing KYC
information; or
● In situations deemed appropriate by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or delegate.
If Afterpay is not reasonably confident that a Consumer is who they claim to be, or a material
discrepancy arises in the course of verifying information collected in accordance with Part B of this
AML/CTF Program from a Consumer, Afterpay may take any of the following actions as required to be
reasonably satisfied that the Consumer is who they claim to be:
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 29

Confidential
● seek additional KYC information or clarification from or about the Consumer;
● undertake further verification of the additional KYC information or clarification received
from the Consumer; or
● elect to not engage in a Customer relationship, or to discontinue the provision of services
to a Consumer based on the noted discrepancy.
A discrepancy in Customer data may also trigger a suspicious matter reporting obligation which will
be managed in accordance with Section 6.2.
7.3.2 Suspension or termination of customer relationship
Afterpay may determine that it is appropriate to temporarily suspend access to a Consumer’s
account to mitigate ML/TF risks or that it is no longer acceptable to continue a relationship with a
particular Consumer due to the unacceptable levels of ML/TF risks, and therefore will terminate the
relationship.
Likewise, Afterpay may determine that providing its product to Consumers in respect of a particular
Merchant is no longer acceptable and that it is appropriate to temporarily or permanently suspend
its relationship with, or the provision of the Afterpay product in respect of, that Merchant.
If this is the case, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer / or their delegate will follow the processes
outlined in Afterpay's Customer Due Diligence and Reporting SOP and Consumer and Merchant Exit
Instruction, while also ensuring that the tipping off offence is not committed under the AML/CTF Act
8. Employee Training and Due Diligence Program
8.1 AML/CTF risk awareness training
Every Employee must receive training on AML/CTF obligations and risks.
Afterpay will ensure all Employees are aware of those processes and procedures that are relevant to
the work they carry out. Training will be in the form of modules delivered in an online environment
or face-to-face.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 30

Confidential
This training content will be reviewed and updated periodically by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer
to ensure it remains current while reflecting any changes in the ML/TF Risks faced by Afterpay. It will
also be updated if there are any relevant updates to the business or legislative obligations.
A record of training is maintained for all Employees. Further information relating to the training
processes and control is documented in Block’s Compliance Training Program Standard.2
8.1.1 Training
Training relating to AML/CTF obligations and risks is mandatory for all Employees at the onboarding
stage.
This training covers an introduction to ML/TF definitions, and explains certain AML/CTF obligations
(e.g. customer due diligence, record keeping, etc). The employee is also made aware of their role and
responsibilities in the company’s commitment to identifying, mitigating, managing and reporting of
money laundering and terrorism financing.
This mandatory training is allocated to all new employees, however where appropriate, more specific
training relevant to ML/TF Risk will be provided to Employees who:
● are in a position which has been assessed as having a greater exposure to ML/TF Risk. (e.g.
higher risk roles) and the overall Business Unit Risk Assessment is deemed high;
●
● review UARs and/or are authorised to lodge SMRs to AUSTRAC; or
● oversee or implement this AML/CTF Program.
Employees who are promoted or moved into positions which may have a greater exposure to ML/TF
Risk may also receive additional training where appropriate.
8.1.2 Regular refresher training
Afterpay will roll out annual refresher AML/CTF training for all Employees.
2 This can be found at go/training.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 31

Confidential
8.1.3 Board training
In addition to the AML/CTF training programs described above, all members of the Afterpay Board
will receive separate dedicated Board AML/CTF awareness training on an annual basis and otherwise
upon the request of any Board member.
8.2 Employee due diligence
As part of Block’s global approach to hiring, all employment offers are contingent upon satisfactory
employee due diligence checks, using a risk based approach.
The Employee Due Diligence SOP outlines the risk based approach, systems and controls that
determine how Afterpay screens prospective and existing Employees depending on the role they
perform.
8.3 Employee management
Any Employee who fails, with reasonable excuse, to comply with any system, control or procedure
established under this AML/CTF Program, will be required to undertake AML/CTF compliance
training (or an AML/CTF compliance training refresher).
Any Employee who fails, without reasonable excuse, to comply with any system, control or procedure
established under this AML/CTF Program, will be subject to disciplinary action in accordance with
Block’s Employee Handbook. Afterpay’s People Team will be involved in this process.
Afterpay will maintain a register of all Employee breaches and will consult this when
determining/recommending the disciplinary action that should be applied to an Employee who fails,
without reasonable excuse, to comply with any system, control or procedure established under this
AML/CTF Program.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 32

Confidential
9. Risk Assessment
9.1 Overview
As a Reporting Entity, Afterpay has identified a number of key factors that it must consider when
assessing its ML/TF Risk. The factors include, but are not limited to:
● Customer risk
● Product and service risk
● Distribution Channel risk
● Geographic risk
● Organisational risk
● Emerging risk
● Sanctions risk
It provides results of the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing (AML/CTF) and
Sanctions risk assessment conducted by Block, Inc., in conjunction with Afterpay, covering the
timeframe from January 2024 to December 2024. It has assessed its activities based on the ML/TF
Risk factors identified as relevant to the Designated Services, including the factors listed above. The
results will be used to identify control gaps, areas of weakness and opportunities for improvement of
Afterpay’s ML/TF and Sanctions risk control framework. The Risk Assessment is required to be
approved by the Afterpay Board.
9.2 Summary of risk assessment result
Afterpay has assessed that its overall inherent risk across its Australian business is Medium. After
identifying the relevant controls needed to effectively mitigate its ML/TF risk, Afterpay concluded
that its residual ML/TF risk is also Medium .
This is summarised in the table below. Further detailed information on the methodology and results,
which are accompanied by a written report, can be found in the Risk Assessment report.
ML/TF Assessment Results
Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Medium Partially Mitigated Moderate
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 33

Confidential
Sanctions Assessment Results
Inherent Risk Degree of Mitigation Residual Risk
Medium Partially Mitigated Moderate
9.2 Ongoing risk assessment
Afterpay acknowledges that as its business develops and grows, the ML/TF risks it is exposed to may
change. Therefore, the Risk Assessment undergoes periodic but not less than an annual review to
account for changes in Afterpay’s customers, designated services and how they’re provided, and
geographies. The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will:
● review the risk assessment on at least an annual basis as per Block’s Global AML &
Sanctions Risk Assessment Framework;
● undertake regular risk identification and assessments of our activities to identify any new
material ML/TF Risk;
● review any material changes in the money laundering or terrorism financing risk profile of
the business following a Trigger Event (as defined below); and
● review the AML/CTF Program and develop new processes and procedures that are
deemed necessary as a result of any change in our ML/TF Risk profile.
Trigger Events may include but are not limited to:
● an internal or external independent review of the AML/CTF Program;
● the purchase or commencement of a new business;
● a change in our Merchant or Consumer base leading to a change in Afterpay’s ML/TF Risk;
● a material change in outsourcing arrangements;
● any changes in legislation that have a material effect on the AML/CTF Program;
● any AUSTRAC Feedback;
● notification of a material breach of the AML/CTF Act or Rules;
● internal trend analysis;
● Where the ongoing customer due diligence process or SMRs lodged with AUSTRAC
indicate patterns of suspected criminal activity relevant to the Designated Services which
differ from that previously identified; and
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 34

Confidential
● the proposed introduction of new Designated Service, delivery channels, new or
developing technologies for the provision of a Designated Services or any proposed
changes to existing products or Designated Services, business systems and processes, or
any proposed changes arising in the nature of the business relationship Afterpay has with
its Customers.
●
Afterpay will:
●
● complete the Block Product ML/TF Risk Assessment;
● ensure any amendments to the AML/CTF Program Part A are made in a timely manner;
● ensure the AML/CTF Compliance Officer has approved the proposed changes from a
ML/TF compliance perspective; and
● ensure that any material updates to the risk assessment have been approved by the
relevant Board and/or Senior Management.
10. Third Parties
10.1 External Service Providers or Vendors
Where Afterpay appoints an external service provider or vendor to undertake an AML/CTF obligation
on behalf of Afterpay or assist it with meeting its AML/CTF obligations, Afterpay will remain
responsible for meeting its obligations.
Afterpay will conduct initial due diligence before it engages an external service provider. Further risk
management practices and controls related to all stages of the external service provider relationship
life-cycle are documented in Block’s Third Party Risk Management Policy.
10.2 Intra-group outsourcing to Block
Afterpay may experience seasonal fluctuations in business volume, particularly associated with key
sales events such as Afterpay Day, Black Friday/Cyber Monday or Christmas Holiday season, which
can drive higher alert volumes. To manage this type of volume increase, Afterpay may outsource all
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 35

Confidential
of its AML/CTF and screening operational activity3 to authorised employees of Block, who will be
granted access to Afterpay’s systems for this purpose. The operational AML/CTF and screening
activities are documented in the Outsourcing Charter.
Afterpay oversees these activities through the use of:
● Service Level Agreements,
● Daily monitoring of SLA metrics,
● Quality Assurance,
● Regular engagement and feedback,
● Assurance testing conducted by Block’s monitoring and testing function, and
● The Outsourcing Charter.
In line with section 8 of this Program, Block’s authorised Employees performing the operational
activities are:
● Appropriately trained on
○ the ML/TF risks relevant to Afterpay;
○ Afterpay’s workflows and procedures as set out in the Outsourcing Charter;
● Subject to satisfactory employee due diligence checks.
11. Sanctions
Economic sanctions are restrictions that the Australian Government and/or the United Nations
Security Council imposes on activities relating to countries, goods and services, people or entities.
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade administers the United Nations Act, the Autonomous
Act and their regulations. The Australian Sanctions Office that sits within the Department of Foreign
Affairs and Trade is the Australian Government’s sanctions regulator.
As part of Block, Afterpay adheres to Block’s Global Sanctions Compliance Policy to ensure
compliance with sanctions administered by the Department of Foreign Affairs , the United Nations
Security Council, and other regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office
of Foreign Assets Control.
3 For the avoidance of any doubt, this does not include Suspicious Matter Reporting to AUSTRAC.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 36

Confidential
12. Document Details
12.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or their designee. For any questions
arising from this AML/CTF Program, please contact the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
12.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with this Section 5 of this Program.
12.3 Exceptions
Exceptions to Part A of this Program are not permitted.
12.4 Related Documents
Related Programs Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd | Anti Money Laundering and
Counter Terrorism Financing Program Part B
12.5 Revision & Approval History
Version Approver Approval Type Reason for Issue Date
3.0 Afterpay Board Scheduled… Program enhancement and 31 July 2019
annual review
4.0 Afterpay Board Material C… Program enhancement 13 September 2019
5.0 Afterpay Board Material C… Removal of designated service 22 November 2019
– Item 8 and further updates
6.0 Afterpay Board Material C… Update amended Afterpay 26 February 2020
business names; allowing
Foreign & HR PEPs, naming
conventions;
7.0 Afterpay Board Material C… Change of AML/CTF 12 August 2020
Compliance Officer, Updates to
reflect amended consumer
limits; other minor
administrative updates.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 37

Confidential
7.0 N/A Immateria… new template only 9 September 2020
8.0 Afterpay Board Material C… Introduction of new designated 22 March 2021
service # 1 and # 3 for virtual
cards tied to instore payments;
# 54 (Afterpay Money);
Inclusion of summary of
ApplePay and XBT ; other minor
changes to bring Part A up to
date.
9.0 Afterpay Board Material C… Changes to employee due 17 December 2021
diligence, new references to
Global ML/TF and Sanctions
Risk Assessment and minor
changes to bring document up
to date.
10.0 Afterpay Board Material C… Changes arising from 28 June 2022
acquisition of Afterpay by Block
Inc.
Removal of local summary Risk
Assessment, to highlight
adoption of Global ML/TF and
Sanctions Risk Assessment,
removal of requirements for
internal review, updates to
approval process, and changes
to employee training and due
diligence process to align with
Block.
11.0 Afterpay Board Material C… Changes arising from the 09 December 2022
decommissioning of the
Afterpay Money product
(designated service 54).
11.1 Afterpay Board Material C… Change of AML/CTF 30 March 2023
Compliance Officer. Inclusion of
the Afterpay Plus Card product.
11.1 N/A Immateria… New template only 31 August 2023
11.2 AML/CTF Material C… Adoption of the Afterpay 5 September 2023
Compliance Australia 2023 ML/TF and
Officer Sanctions Risk Assessment.
Inclusion of the Afterpay Single
Afterpay Board Use Payments (SUP) product. 28 September
Minor administrative changes 2023
to bring the program up to
date.
11.3 AML/CTF Material C… Adoption of the Afterpay 27 August 2024
Compliance Australia 2024 ML/TF and
Officer Sanctions Risk Assessment.
Minor administrative changes to
bring the program up to date.
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 38

Confidential
Afterpay Board 18 September 2024
11.4 AML/CTF Material C… Program enhancement and 11 February 2025
Compliance update to systems-based KYC
Officer Refresh.
Martina Kann Expansion of third parties
section to allow for intra-group
Afterpay Board outsourcing to Block Inc. 31 March 2025
Minor administrative changes to
bring the program up to date,
including regulatory reform of
the tipping off offence
framework.
11.5 AML/CTF Immateria… Expansion of intra-group 17 May 2025
Compliance outsourcing to Block Inc., to
Officer allow for employees based
Martina Kann outside of the US.
Removal of references to Single
Use Payments (SUP) due to
decommissioning of SUP.
11.6 AML/CTF Immateria… Minor administrative changes to 26 Aug 2025
Compliance clarify language.
Officer
Martina Kann
11.7 AML/CTF Material C… Adoption of the Afterpay Date
Compliance Australia 2025 ML/TF and
Officer Sanctions Risk Assessment.
Martina Kann Minor administrative changes to
bring the program up to date.
Afterpay Board Addition of a Sanctions section 16 December 2025
to clarify adherence to Block’s
Sanctions Framework.
11.6 Document Details
Business Afterpay
Scope Regional (Australia)
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner AML/CTF Compliance Officer
Last Approval Date 16 December 2025
Effective Date 16 December 2025
Approved By AML/CTF Compliance Officer
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 39

Confidential
Document Review Schedule Annually
AML/CTF Compliance Program Australia | Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd 40