Global Sanctions
Compliance Program
Standard
Block
February 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
2

Confidential
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
Definitions 5
1. Introduction 8
2. Purpose 8
3. Scope 8
4. Standard Requirements 8
4.1 Management Commitment 8
4.2 Internal Controls 9
4.2.1 Employee Screening 9
4.2.2 External Workforce Screening 9
4.2.3 Vendor Screening 10
4.2.4 Customer Screening 10
4.2.5 Transaction Screening 11
4.2.6 Geoblocking Controls 11
4.2.7 Partner Due Diligence & Oversight 12
4.2.8 Watchlist Management 13
4.2.9 Procedures and Guidance 13
4.3 Issue Management 13
4.4 Risk Assessment 14
4.5 Independent Testing & Review 15
4.6 Systems 15
4.7 Regulatory Engagement 16
4.7.1 Regulatory Reporting 16
4.7.2 Administrative Subpoenas 16
5. Document Management 16
5.1 Document Owner 16
5.2 Review and Approval 17
6. Training 17
6.2 Mandatory Enterprise-Wide Training 17
6.3 Role-Specific Training 17
6.4 Board Training 18
7. Monitoring and Reporting 18
8. Exceptions 18
9. Conflicts of Law 19
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
3

Confidential
10. Record Retention 19
11. Related Documentation or References 19
12. Revision and Approval History 20
13. Document Details 21
Appendices 23
Appendix A: Consolidated Global Sanctions Minimum Standards 23
Screening 23
Geoblocking Controls 24
Oversight 25
Bridger System Settings 25
Appendix B: Prohibited TLDs 26
Prohibited TLDs 26
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
4

Confidential
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Bank The first four (4) to six (6) numbers on a payment card. BINs identify the
Identification financial institution that issues the card.
Number (“BIN”)
Also referred to as an Interbank Card Association (“ICA”) number.
Computer Block, Inc.’s (“Block” or the “Company”) secondary third party vendor
Services, Inc. used to facilitate sanctions watchlist screening.
(“CSI”)
Customers Parties with direct relationships with Block who use financial
products/services offered by Block.
Economic Restrictive measures imposed by governments or international bodies to
Sanctions restrict or prohibit trade or economic activities with a specific country,
(“Sanctions”) entity, or individual in order to accomplish foreign policy and national
security goals.
External Worker A temporary worker, vendor worker, or independent contractor who is
engaged to assist with specific projects or services with Block.
LexisNexis Bridger Block’s primary third party vendor used to facilitate sanctions watchlist
(“Bridger”) screening.
Related Parties Individuals or entities who are related to or associated with a Block
Customer or a Block Customer's account and/or who have access to or
some level of control over the Customer's products, services, relationship
with Block and/or access to direct or move funds. Examples include, but
are not limited to, activators (aka sign up persons), beneficial owners,
control persons, and directors.
Staff Member(s) An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired
by the Company who supports the operations covered by this document.
Roles & Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Block Chief The CCO will provide assistance and support in implementing this
Compliance Standard across the organization and shall be responsible for
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
5

Confidential
Officer (“CCO”) establishing appropriate practices designed to ensure that Company
operations reflect the Company’s commitment to compliance and that
all employees are aware of that commitment and their individual
responsibility.
The CCO is responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with
this Standard. The CCO may delegate to others the authority to adopt,
develop, and implement procedures and reporting that support this
Standard.
Board of Directors The Board of Directors of Block is responsible for fostering a culture of
compliance within the organization.
Business Business Sanctions teams support the operations of their respective
Sanctions Teams businesses, including:
● Reviewing and dispositioning sanctions alerts;
● Maintaining operational metrics;
● Implementing and maintaining business specific controls; and
● Providing role-specific training to new hires and on an as-needed
basis.
Compliance CETis responsible for the implementation and maintenance of certain
Engineering and sanctions controls, including the annual tuning of Block’s watchlist
Technology Team screening system.
(“CET”)
Compliance Leads Compliance Leads are responsible for oversight of their respective
compliance programs, including:
● Supporting the annual sanctions list review;
● Staying abreast of local regulatory changes; and
● Ensuring local record retention requirements are satisfied.
Global Head of The Global Head of Sanctions is responsible for oversight of the
Sanctions day-to-day operation of the global sanctions compliance program,
including:
● Providing updates on the health and status of the global
sanctions compliance program to senior management;
● Setting Policy requirements;
● Approving sanctions screening configurations; and
● Approving policy exceptions.
Global Policy and GPG is responsible for establishing and managing the compliance policy
Governance Team framework and governance, the retention of training records, the
(“GPG”) development of the Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing
of Terrorism (“AML/CFT”) training curriculum, conducting an annual
global sanctions risk assessment, performing risk-based testing of
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
6

Confidential
compliance controls and processes, and managing internal and external
reviews of the global sanctions compliance program.
Global Sanctions GSC is responsible for:
Compliance Team ● Updating and maintaining sanctions policy related
(“GSC”) documentation;
● Performing biweekly list validation reviews;
● Performing annual watchlist sufficiency reviews;
● Reviewing and advising on escalations from the Businesses;;
● Reviewing new products and recommending controls;
● Providing quarterly training to the Business Sanctions teams;
● Providing operational support where not otherwise available;
● Sanctions regulatory reporting; and
● Facilitating the Sanctions Governance Forum.
Legal Block’s legal counsel provides interpretive advice and counsel regarding
the applicability and applications of the requirements of the Global
Sanctions Compliance Policy and this Standard to the Company’s
business and operational activities.
People Ops Provides GSC with a monthly report of Block’s employees.
Product Product Compliance is responsible for engaging Business Sanctions
Compliance teams/GSC on new product compliance reviews.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
7

Confidential
1. Introduction
This Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard (“Standard”) outlines Block’s approach to
complying with applicable sanctions laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates.
This Standard is intended to supplement Block’s Global Sanctions Compliance Policy (“Policy”). The
Global Head of Sanctions is responsible for management of this Standard.
2. Purpose
Block conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this
Standard is to further Block’s global sanctions compliance program by establishing a framework and
standards for ensuring compliance with applicable sanctions laws and regulations. This Standard
consists of the following elements: (1) management commitment; (2) internal controls; (3) risk
assessment; (4) testing and auditing; and (5) training, in addition to other key components of Block’s
sanctions compliance program.
This Standard is also designed to satisfy and operationalize the Policy, which establishes Block’s
requirements for complying with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations. This Standard is
intended to be holistic and sustainable, providing a reasonable level of assurance that Block is
effectively managing economic sanctions risks and related exposure.
3. Scope
This Standard is established by Block and is applicable globally across all Block business lines,
subsidiaries, and jurisdictions.
4. Standard Requirements
4.1 Management Commitment
Senior management is committed to robust oversight of Block’s global sanctions compliance
program and Block’s compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations of the
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
8

Confidential
jurisdictions in which Block operates. The Global Head of Sanctions oversees the day-to-day
operation of the global sanctions compliance program and provides periodic updates on its health
and status to relevant senior management, including the GPG Lead and the CCO. Any material and
urgent matters related to the global sanctions compliance program are reported on an ad hoc basis
to senior management as appropriate and in a timely manner.
4.2 Internal Controls
Block implements risk-based internal controls to comply with the Policy and prevent the use of
Block’s products and services in violation of applicable sanctions laws and regulations. Block deploys
a set of key internal controls for sanctions compliance, including employee screening, vendor
screening, customer screening, transaction screening, and geoblocking controls. Please refer to
Appendix A for a consolidated list of Block’s Global Sanctions Minimum Standards.
4.2.1 Employee Screening
In order to minimize Block’s exposure to potential sanctions risks from Block’s employees, Block
mandates all employees must undergo sanctions screening prior to the commencement of their
employment with Block. Additionally, all Block employees are subject to a monthly sanctions
compliance review throughout the course of their employment with Block. Appropriate actions,
including termination, are taken if any true sanctions matches are identified.
4.2.2 External Workforce Screening
External workers must clear background checks in their country of hire before they begin working or
receive access to Block systems, buildings or information.1
In addition, external workers are subject to a monthly sanctions compliance review throughout the
course of their employment with Block. Appropriate actions, including termination, are taken if any
true sanctions matches are identified.
1 Background checks are not required for Independent contractors when Independent contractors
do not receive Block systems access, or IT equipment.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
9

Confidential
4.2.3 Vendor Screening
Block mandates all active vendors must undergo sanctions screening prior to the outset of the
vendor’s engagement with Block. In addition, vendors must be subject to ongoing sanctions
screening on a monthly basis throughout the engagement with Block until the time they are
offboarded or terminated. Appropriate actions, including termination of the contract with the
vendors, are taken if the screening reveals any true sanctions hits.
4.2.4 Customer Screening
Block mandates Customers must undergo sanctions screening upon onboarding and on an
ongoing daily basis2 throughout the course of their relationship with Block. Customers should not be
allowed to transact until initial sanctions screening is completed and any alerts are cleared.3
● For Customers onboarded as Individuals, screening is conducted on:
○ The legal name of the customer; and
○ The customer’s physical address, where collected.
● For Customers onboarded as Entities, screening is conducted on:
○ The legal name of the Business
○ The Business trading name or “Doing Business As” (“DBA”) name, if applicable;
○ The Business address, where collected.
○ The legal name of the activator (sign-up) individual;
○ The physical address of the activator individual, where collected;
○ The legal name of any additional Related Parties obtained during onboarding and
at any point during the Customer relationship; and
○ The physical address of any additional Related Parties obtained during onboarding
and at any point during the Customer relationship.
When potential sanctions hits are identified, the sanctions hits are fully investigated and
dispositioned by the Business Sanctions teams and escalated to GSC where applicable. If a
customer’s sanctions hit is confirmed to be a true match, Block will immediately take appropriate
2 Afterpay and Clearpay rescreen consumers and merchants on a quarterly basis.
3 Square fulfills this requirement through preactivation sanctions screening.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
10

Confidential
actions including account freezing, blocking or rejecting transactions, account deactivation, and
reporting to relevant regulatory authorities.
4.2.5 Transaction Screening
Block conducts screening on transactions determined to pose a heightened sanctions risk to the
organization. This determination is made by the Global Head of Sanctions as part of an ad hoc review
or in connection with the annual risk assessment or a product risk assessment. When transaction
screening is deemed necessary, the controls are tailored to the risk of the product or service.
Transaction screening may be performed on a real-time or post-transaction basis and may be
conducted against a list of predefined sanctions-related keywords or sanctions watchlists.
If a true sanctions match is identified, Block will take appropriate actions in line with the nature of
the match. In instances where the match relates to activity prohibited under relevant laws and
regulations, these actions may include account freezing, blocking or rejecting of transactions,
reporting to relevant regulatory authorities, and account deactivation. In instances where the match
relates to permitted activity under relevant laws and regulations, these actions may include warning
the customer and/or obtaining an exception to allow the processing of the transaction.
Block considers U.S. domestic Automated Clearing House (“ACH”) transactions to be low risk and
does not ordinarily mandate sanctions screening of the counterparties of these transactions;
however, keyword screening of memo lines (or equivalent fields) is industry standard and should be
conducted. Block considers cryptocurrency and cross-border, non-payment card transactions to
pose a heightened sanctions risk and therefore mandates real-time sanctions screening of these
transactions.
4.2.6 Geoblocking Controls
Block employs a variety of geoblocking controls to prevent the use of its products and services
within the Prohibited Jurisdictions, as defined in the Policy, and other jurisdictions determined to
present a heightened sanctions risk:
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
11

Confidential
● IP Address: Block requires the implementation of IP blocking controls that prevent
account creation and login from Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia, Ukraine,
Afghanistan, Belarus, and/or Venezuela.
● Top Level Domain (“TLD”)/Email Suffix: Block businesses must implement controls that
prevent a Customer from creating an account using an email address containing a TLD
(aka email suffix) associated with Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia, Ukraine,
Afghanistan, Belarus, and/or Venezuela. Please refer to Appendix B for a list of prohibited
TLDs.4
● BIN/ICA: Block businesses must implement BIC/ICA controls that: 1) prevent payments
from financial institutions subject to sanctions or located in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria,
Russia, Afghanistan, and/orBelarus; and 2) prevent Customers from linking bank accounts
associated with financial institutions subject to sanctions or located in Cuba, Iran, North
Korea, Syria, Russia, Afghanistan, and Belarus.
● Device Data: Block businesses should evaluate whether and to what extent Subscriber
Identity Module (“SIM”) card data (including country and network carrier information) is
available for compliance purposes and assess the utility of implementing device data
controls. To the extent the Business determines there is sufficient risk mitigation
associated with the use of device data controls, these controls should be implemented for
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia, Ukraine, Afghanistan, Belarus, and Venezuela.5
4.2.7 Partner Due Diligence & Oversight
In some instances, Block may need to rely, or may make a business decision to rely, upon controls
implemented and maintained by a third party partner. Businesses must develop, maintain, and
document partner due diligence and maintain independent oversight to ensure the partner’s
compliance practices satisfy the requirements outlined in the Policy and this Standard.
4 Please note the list in this Appendix is not exhaustive. All TLDs associated with Cuba, Iran, North
Korea, Syria, Russia, Ukraine, BelarusBelaurs, Afghanistan, and Venezuela are prohibited even if they
do not appear on this list. If a Staff Member becomes aware of an additional TLD associated with one
of these countries, they should escalate to GSC for inclusion in the Appendix.
5 Cash App maintains controls that prevent account creation and logins when SIM card data is
available.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
12

Confidential
4.2.8 Watchlist Management
Block maintains a watchlist management framework to ensure that the watchlists used by Block are
maintained properly and updated in a timely manner. GSC in collaboration with Compliance Leads,
performs an annual review of the selected external watchlists sourced from Bridger to assess
sufficiency for managing Block’s sanctions compliance risks. GSC also performs a biweekly list
validation exercises to ensure that key sanctions watchlists sourced from Bridger are updated in a
timely manner to reflect the latest regulatory updates.
Please refer to the Global Sanctions List Maintenance Procedure for more information.
4.2.9 Procedures and Guidance
Teams supporting Block’s global sanctions compliance program must maintain clear, easily
accessible procedures outlining the various processes that support the day-to-day operation of the
global sanctions compliance program as related to sanctions monitoring and investigations,
including escalation paths, alert disposition guidelines, and quality control activities.
GSC develops and maintains foundational guidance to support businesses in the operation of the
global sanctions compliance program.
4.3 Issue Management
Sanctions issues are managed in accordance with Block’s Issue Management Standard. The Global
Head of Sanctions serves as the Issue Approver for all self-identified sanctions issues. In the event an
issue has a sanctions touchpoint but the Global Head of Sanctions has not been identified as the
Issue Approver, the Global Head of Sanctions must be added as an additional stakeholder to be
informed.
Please refer to Block’s Issue Management Standard for more information.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
13

Confidential
4.4 Risk Assessment
Block is responsible for conducting AML/CFT and sanctions risk assessments in order to identify
potential sanctions risks and to inform the design and priorities of the global sanctions compliance
program. Block conducts Annual Risk Assessments (“ARAs”) that assess Block’s AML/CFT and
sanctions inherent risks and control environment for all jurisdictions in which Block has extended
formal operations and/or actively solicits customers inclusive of all the businesses applicable to that
jurisdiction for the prior year. The results of the ARAs are presented to the Audit & Risk Committee
(“ARC”) of the Block Board of Directors. Block also conducts Product Risk Assessments (“PRAs”) to
assess product-specific AML/CFT and sanctions inherent risks to inform and align control activities
related to respective products. Certain trigger events can occur that may require the ARA or existing
PRAs to be updated or a new PRA or an ad-hoc risk assessment to be completed. These triggering
events may include, but are not limited to, the following circumstances:
● New products or services are offered;
● Material changes being offered to existing products;
● Material changes are made to legal or regulatory requirements;
● Expansion through a merger or acquisition; and/or
● New markets or jurisdictions are entered through Block’s U.S. operations that will
materially impact Block’s risk profile.
For the avoidance of doubt, risk assessments specific to products must be completed prior to:
● New or materially changed products or services being available to Customers; and
● Legal or regulatory requirements effective date.
In addition to risk assessments, Block’s businesses have established other processes to assess
compliance risks—including sanctions risk—and identify requirements for new products, services, or
features or significant changes to products, services, or features. GSC provides foundational
guidance for Brands to follow in sanctions-related assessments completed through their established
processes.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
14

Confidential
4.5 Independent Testing & Review
As the third line of defense, Block’s Internal Audit team is required to conduct independent, periodic
risk-based assessments on the overall adequacy and effectiveness of the global sanctions
compliance program. This independent evaluation includes testing of compliance with all applicable
reporting, recordkeeping, and program requirements of the relevant sanctions regulations, related
policy, and all supporting procedures. Written reports are to summarize audit findings and
recommend corrective actions, as needed, and are provided to ARC for review. The Board places
accountability on senior management to address any results from the audit of the global sanctions
compliance program in an appropriate manner and to report on the status of any remediation
efforts on a regular basis.
To ensure independence, Internal Audit retains a third-party audit firm to conduct an audit of Block’s
global sanctions compliance program. The third party conducting the independent review is
required to develop an internal control questionnaire and audit work program that describes in
detail the testing to be performed to meet each audit objective. The questionnaire and work
program are updated annually to reflect changes in the relevant regulations, global sanctions
compliance program, and related procedures.
4.6 Systems
Block utilizes Bridger as its primary vendor for sanctions watchlist screening. Bridger is subject to
tuning and model validation periodically and on an ad hoc basis.
Block implements the following configurations for sanctions-related screening conducted via
Bridger:
● List Settings
○ WorldCompliance Data Plus is the preferred list6
6 Block is in the process of transitioning its existing predefined searches over to this list. This list is the
standard for all new predefined searches and should also be used when any additional sources are
added to an existing predefined search.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
15

Confidential
○ Minimum Score: 927
○ Exclude Weak AKAs
○ Deceased State: Alive and N/A
● General Options
○ Scan run-together words for country names
○ Scan address fields for country names'
● Tolerance for Date of Birth Auto False Positive Rule: 6 months
Please refer to go/lexis-nexisconfiguration for full details regarding Block’s current configurations In
Bridger.
4.7 Regulatory Engagement
4.7.1 Regulatory Reporting
Block complies with sanctions reporting obligations mandated by relevant regulatory authorities in
the jurisdictions in which Block operates. Block maintains procedures outlining these regulatory
reporting requirements. Please refer to the Global Sanctions Regulatory Reporting Procedure for
more information.
4.7.2 Administrative Subpoenas
In the event that Block or any of its subsidiaries receives a subpoena from a government agency
regarding the global sanctions compliance program, the Global Head of Sanctions, in consultation
with the CCO and Legal, is responsible for responding to the request.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Global Sanctions Regulatory Program Manager or their designee.
7 Block will be implementing this change across existing sanctions-related predefined searches
throughout 2025.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
16

Confidential
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
Block is responsible for the implementation of an AML/CFT training program, which includes a
segment on sanctions. Upon hire, Staff Members must complete AML/CFT training within a
reasonable timeframe after their start date and then each calendar year thereafter. Training is to be
provided and documented via online compliance training systems. Additionally, on an annual basis,
the Board of Directors must receive AML/CFT training, which is to be evidenced and recorded in
board minutes.
6.2 Mandatory Enterprise-Wide Training
Block-wide sanctions training is mandated and provided to all Staff Members via the AML/CFTTF
training curriculum administered through Block’s online compliance training systems. At a
minimum, each iteration of the training shall provide details regarding the global sanctions
compliance program and related Policy, as well as penalties for noncompliance with
sanctions-related policies and regulatory requirements.
Training records are maintained for a period of five (5) years from the date of completion of the
training and shall include a copy of the content of the training, the date training was conducted, and
a participation record of all persons who received the training.
6.3 Role-Specific Training
Business Sanctions Leads provide role-specific training to their Staff Members in accordance with
their own requirements and procedures. Additionally, GSC facilitates a quarterly training where the
Business Sanctions teams may provide a walkthrough of case studies and/or GSC will provide an
overview of a notable regulatory program or recent regulatory changes, including but not limited to
changes to sanctions regulations and/or takeaways from recent enforcement actions.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
17

Confidential
6.4 Board Training
The Board and senior management receive sanctions training annually and must be informed of
material changes and new developments in the sanctions landscape. Members of the Board for
Block entities outside of the U.S. also receive sanctions training appropriate to the jurisdiction in
which that entity operates. While members of the Board may not require the same degree of
training as other personnel, they need to understand the importance of these regulatory
requirements, the ramifications of noncompliance, and the risks posed to the financial institution.
Changes to internal policies, procedures, processes, and monitoring systems should also be covered
during Board training.
The Board receives a targeted training of sanctions that incorporates different elements of both the
general and enhanced training and executive-level coverage for risk analysis.
7. Monitoring and Reporting
As a second line responsibility, Block requires monitoring and testing of its controls by the
Compliance Teams. Identified issues are to be tracked and periodically reported to Senior
Management.
On a quarterly basis, GSC presents metrics and programmatic updates related to the global
sanctions compliance program to the CCO and other senior Compliance stakeholders. Examples of
metrics and program updates include the number of blocked and rejected reports filed with OFAC
across all businesses as well as the status of strategic sanctions initiatives to uplift internal controls.
8. Exceptions
At his discretion, and in consultation with Compliance Leads and Legal where applicable, the Global
Head of Sanctions will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to the Policy,
provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and regulations.
Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
18

Confidential
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
9. Conflicts of Law
No part of this Standard or supporting documentation should be interpreted as contravening or or
superseding any other legal or regulatory requirements imposed upon Block. Any conflicts between
this Standard and Block’s other legal or regulatory obligations, or between the laws of applicable
jurisdictions, should be submitted immediately to the Global Head of Sanctions and/or the relevant
Compliance Lead(s) for further evaluation and/or subsequent submission to Block’s CCO or Legal.
10. Record Retention
All published documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or
regulatory guidance, whichever is longer. As of the date of this Standard, Block implements a
standard record retention requirement of five (5) years for all sanctions-related records. This requires
that complete, full, and accurate records are maintained for at least five (5) years following the
completion of a transaction, the termination of a customer relationship, or the submission of a
regulatory report. Effective March 13, 2025, the records mentioned below will be subject to a 10-year
retention requirement. Record retention requirements apply to records of screening hits,
corresponding customer and transaction data, documentation related to watchlist filtering and
sanctions screening system maintenance and change management, training, risk assessments,
audit results, and issue management.
11. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Global Sanctions Compliance Policy
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
19

Confidential
Related Policy Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the
Financing of Terrorism Policy
Related Procedure Global Sanctions Foundational Screening &
Alert Review Procedure
Related Procedure Global Sanctions List Maintenance Procedure
Related Procedure Global Sanctions Regulatory Reporting
Procedure
12. Revision and Approval History
Approval History
Name Title Approval Type Description Date
Erin Colocillo Global Sanctions Creation Initial creation Jun 13, 2022
Regulatory of document
Program
Manager
Eric Medoff Global Head of Initial Appro… Approval Jul 26, 2022
Sanctions
Erin Colocillo Global Sanctions Scheduled R… Document May 25, 2023
Regulatory revamp
Program
Manager
Faisal Sohail Global Head of Material Cha… Approval Dec 27, 2023
Sanctions
Erin Colocillo Global Sanctions Material Cha… Amendment of Mar 13, 2024
Regulatory employee
Program screening
Manager section; other
minor changes.
Faisal Sohail Global Head of Material Cha… Approval Mar 13, 2024
Sanctions
Faisal Sohail Global Head of Material Cha… Transition to the Jan 17, 2025
Sanctions new template.
Expansion of
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
20

Confidential
Name Title Approval Type Description Date
geoblocking
controls beyond
IP. Addition of
clarity on
transaction
screening risk
appetite and
system configs.
New section on
Administrative
Subpoenas.
Addition of
oversight
control. Addition
of 2 new
appendices.
Compliance Compliance Material Cha… Approval. Jan 22, 2025
Policy Policy
Committee Committee
Faisal Sohail Global Head of Immaterial C… Updated record Feb 14, 2025
Sanctions retention
section to
expand
requirements.
13. Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Anti-Financial Crimes
Document Owner Global Sanctions Regulatory Program
Manager
Last Approval Date Feb 14, 2025
Effective Date Feb 14, 2025
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
21

Confidential
Approved By Global Head of Sanctions
Document Review Schedule Annually
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
22

Confidential
Appendices
Appendix A: Consolidated Global Sanctions Minimum Standards
While Block operates in multiple jurisdictions that may have varying sanctions requirements, all
Block businesses and subsidiaries must adhere to the standards documented in this section (1) prior
to launching new products or features in testing or general availability; (2) prior to materially
changing existing products or features in testing or general availability; and (3) when assessing risks
and controls as part of annual, product, or ad hoc risk assessments. These standards are reviewed on
an ongoing basis by GSC and updated, as needed, to meet regulatory expectations and industry best
practices. Exceptions to these minimum standards must be documented and approved by Block’s
Global Head of Sanctions.
Screening
● Block employees, external workers, vendors, Customers , and Customers ’ Related Parties
(e.g. activators.) must be screened against sanctions watchlists maintained by the United
States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and the United Nations in addition to
any local jurisdictions’ sanctions watchlists (hereinafter referred to as “applicable
sanctions watchlists”).
● Customers should not be allowed to transact until initial watchlist sanctions screening is
completed and any alerts are cleared.
● Block employees must be sanctions screened against applicable sanctions watchlists
prior to the commencement of their employment and subjected to a monthly sanctions
compliance review thereafter.
● Block external workers must be sanctions screened against applicable sanctions
watchlists prior to the commencement of their employment and subjected to a monthly
sanctions compliance review thereafter.
● Vendors must be sanctions screened against applicable sanctions watchlists prior to the
outset of their engagement and on a monthly basis thereafter.
● Customers, and their Related Parties (e.g., activators.) must be sanctions screened on a
daily basis against applicable sanctions watchlists.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
23

Confidential
● Where products, services, or features give access to a third party who is related to the
customer or the account (e.g., full access admin, additional cardholders, etc.) to authorize
money movement, that party must be subjected to daily sanctions screening against
applicable sanctions watchlists.
● For products that allow transfer of property (fiat, bitcoin, bitkey, etc.) or account ownership
to a beneficiary who is not an existing Block customer, the beneficiary must be sanctions
screened against applicable sanctions watchlists prior to completion of the transfer.
● Where a product is offered to business structures that have multiple entities under a
single entity (e.g., Franchises, multinational organizations, multi-legal entity sellers),
sanctions screening is required for each entity (parent and child, franchisor and
franchisees, etc.) and their relevant individuals (i.e., owners, activators, etc.)’
Geoblocking Controls
● TLD blocking controls must be implemented to ensure all Customers and their Related
Parties (e.g., owners, activators, principles, etc.) are blocked from providing email
addresses associated with the following jurisdictions at onboarding and throughout their
relationship with Block: Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia, Ukraine, Afghanistan,
Belarus, and Venezuela.
● TLD blocking controls must be implemented to ensure rewards or gift card products
cannot be offered by Block Customers to third party recipients who have email addresses
associated with the following jurisdictions: Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia, Ukraine,
Afghanistan, Belarus, and Venezuela.
● IP blocking controls must be implemented at all ingress and egress points to block IP
addresses associated with Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia, Ukraine, Afghanistan,
Belarus, and Venezuela.
● Businesses must have BIN/ICA controls in place to prevent: 1) payments from financial
institutions subject to sanctions or located in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia,
Afghanistan, and Belarus; and 2) Customers from linking bank accounts associated with
financial institutions subject to sanctions or located in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria,
Russia, Afghanistan, and Belarus;
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
24

Confidential
● Businesses should evaluate whether and to what extent SIM card data (including country
and network carrier information) is available for compliance purposes and assess the
utility of implementing device data controls. To the extent the Business determines there
is sufficient risk mitigation associated with the use of device data controls, these controls
should be implemented for Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia, Ukraine, Afghanistan,
Belarus, and Venezuela.
Oversight
● Where Block is relying on a third party partner’s sanctions controls, Block must perform
partner due diligence and maintain independent oversight to ensure the partner’s
compliance practices satisfy the requirements outlined in the Policy and this Standard.
Bridger System Settings
● WorldCompliance Data Plus is the preferred watchlist that must be used, unless the
specific source is unavailable through WorldCompliance Data Plus.
● The Minimum Score for all sanctions-related watchlists must be set no higher than 94.
● Weak AKAs are excluded from sanctions watchlist screening.
● The “Decease State” option with WorldCompliance lists must be enabled for “Allive” and
“N/A”.
● The “Scan run-together words for country names” option must be enabled.
● The “Scan address fields for country names” option must be enabled.
● The Tolerance for the Date of Birth Auto False Positive Rule must be set to no lower than 6
months.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
25

Confidential
Appendix B: Prohibited TLDs
Prohibited TLDs8
Domain Association
.cu Cuba
.ir Iran
.نارﯾا. Iran
.kp North Korea
.sy Syria
.ru Russia
.su Russia
.pф Russia
.ua Ukraine
.укр Ukraine
.bg Ukraine
.by Belarus
.бел Belarus
.af Afghanistan
.ve Venezuela
8 Please note this list is not exhaustive. All TLDs associated with Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia,
Ukraine, Belarus, Afghanistan, and Venezuela are prohibited even if they do not appear on this list. If
a Staff Member becomes aware of an additional TLD associated with one of these countries, they
should escalate to GSC for inclusion in this Appendix.
Global Sanctions Compliance Program Standard | Block
26