U.S. Know Your Customer Standard
Square | US
Last Approved: Jan 6, 2026
Effective Date: Jan 6, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: The U.S. Know Your Customer ("KYC") Standard ("Standard") outlines
Square's KYC Program ("KYC Program") to ensure the business reasonably knows its customers
and the associated risks of conducting business with its customers. The KYC Program Lead is
responsible for managing this Standard, in accordance with Block, Inc.'s Bank Secrecy Act
("BSA")/Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") Program. Square is committed to maintaining full
compliance with the laws and regulations that govern its business.
The U.S. KYC Standard covers Square's approach to Customer Identification, Customer Due
Diligence ("CDD"), and Enhanced Due Diligence ("EDD"). The Standard is committed to identifying
customers who may present a higher risk for money laundering, terrorist financing, identity theft,
reputational risk, or other types of illegal activity.
Square's U.S. KYC Program Standard enables the business to:
● Know and verify the identity of its customers;
● Understand the nature and purpose of customers' account activity and apply a Customer
Risk Rating (“CRRˮ) score;
● Apply enhanced due diligence to higher risk customers;
● Understand the customer's business and expected transactions for each customers'
profile; and
● Conduct ongoing customer due diligence ("OCDD") to confirm if customerʼs information is
accurate.
Square conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, in addition to
network, partnership requirements and Square's Terms of Service and Payment Terms. The
purpose of the U.S. KYC Standard is to ensure that Square reasonably knows its customers and
the associated risks of conducting business with its customers and adheres to the Block AML &
CTF Policy and related Standard.
Scope: This Standard is established by Block, Inc. and is applicable to Square's U.S. products and
services. Square uses risk-based controls to evaluate a broad range of customers, which are

businesses. This includes sellers that use Square for merchant payment services, including,
e-commerce, inventory, appointments, invoicing, customer messaging, and products offered in
conjunction with banks such as Square Checking and Square Card.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Activation Customer Risk A customer's initial risk rating, which is assigned to new accounts
Rating ("aCRR") during onboarding.
Appeals The process for reviewing and potentially reactivating accounts
that have been frozen or deactivated.
Continuous Customer Risk A customer's ongoing risk rating, which is based on a range of
Rating ("cCRR") factors including the customer's transacting activity, location,
onboarding attributes, connection to other Square accounts, linked
instruments and evaluated on a daily basis.
Customer Due Diligence The process through which Square reviews seller accounts to
("CDD") understand the nature and purpose of the customer's account
activity. CDD reviews include a customer's onboarding information,
transactional behavior, linked accounts, web presence, etc.
Customer Identification Identity verification ("IDV") via the collection and verification of
Program ("CIP") customer information (i.e., name, DOB, address, SSN/TIN, etc).
Customer Risk Rating The methodology, created by the Machine Learning ("ML") team,
("CRR") used to assess a customer's profile and assign a risk rating.
Declined- Unverified The status assigned to customers when Square is unable to verify
Identity their identity.
Enhanced Due Diligence EDD reviews are thorough assessments of high-risk customer
("EDD") accounts, which were identified by their CRR or other risk factors.
Escalations The process of referring cases to other Square teams under
specific circumstances.

Terminology Definition
Hardblock An automated way of blocking previously deactivated customers
from creating new unit-level accounts.
Know Your Customer Processes and procedures to reasonably know and understand
("KYC") Program Square customers, their business activities, and associated risks.
This includes CIP, CDD and EDD, as described below. The term
KYC may also be referred to as Know Your Business KYB when
dealing with non-individual entities or business customers.
Identity Verification ("IDV") This refers to the procedures Square uses to verify the identity of a
customer.
Merchant Category Code This code classifies a business by the types of goods or services it
("MCC") provides and assigns a 4-digit number based on the primary
offering.
Ongoing Customer Due OCDD Reviews are performed at a frequency determined by the
Diligence ("OCDD") seller's risk level or triggered by other specific events.
Politically Exposed Persons Politically Exposed Persons are individuals who hold or have held
("PEPs") prominent public positions, and, therefore, have a higher risk for
money laundering, corruption, bribery, and terrorist financing.
Quality Control & The process of reviewing decisions made by an analyst during
Assurance CDD and EDD reviews based on procedural guidance and
processes applicable to the review and reporting the results to
senior leadership.
Square Secure Profile A secure question sent to customers to request additional
("SSP") information and/or documentation.
Terms of Service Violations To violate Square's Terms of Service, or engage in business
("TOSV") activities prohibited by Square's network partners.

2. Program Requirements
2.1 Overview
The U.S. Square KYC Program Standard applies to customers using various Square payments as
either an Individual operating a business, or a Business entity.
The following compliance controls are used to know and verify the identity of its customers,
inclusive of beneficial owners, including but not limited to:
● Customer Identification Program ("CIP")
○ Identity Verification ("IDV")
■ Electronic Identity Verification ("eIDV") for Individuals
■ Documentary Identity Verification ("dIDV") for Individuals
■ Know You Business (“KYBˮ) Entity Verification
● Manual “EIN Onboardingˮ process is used in limited circumstances,
generally for large, enterprise merchants that are onboarded via
Square Sales channels. Company documentation and information is
collected by the Square Sales representatives and sent to
Compliance Operations for manual review, verification, and
onboarding.
● Due Diligence Reviews
○ CDD
○ Adverse Media
○ EDD
○ Ongoing Customer Due Diligence ("OCDD")
● Sanctions Screening
2.2 Customer Identification Program ("CIP") and Customer Due Diligence
("CDD")
CIP enables financial institutions to form a reasonable belief that the institution has established the
identity of its customers. During onboarding in the U.S., Square provides all customers with
adequate notice of its customer identity verification procedures in the Terms of Service. Square
uses electronic and/or documentary IDV procedures to verify the identity of each customer.
Square may find it necessary, using a risk-based approach, to implement additional measures for
verifying the identity of a customer, or its associated business or business owners, utilizing
document-based identity verification and business account verification procedures.
2.2.1 Customer Identification
Square's customers create accounts online using an electronic, self-sign up process. Customers
provide key information Identity Collection) that is then instantly assessed against third party
vendor databases Identity Verification) to ensure Square can reasonably verify the identity of its
customers.

For sole proprietorships, this process is often referred to as Know Your Customer ("KYC"). The key
information collected and verified is:
● Individual's full name;
● Physical residential address;
● Social Security Number ("SSN") or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number ("TIN"); and
● Date of birth.
For entities, this process is often referred to as Know Your Business ("KYB"). The key information
collected and verified is:
● Legal business name;
● Registered business address;
● Entity type;
● Employer Identification Number ("EIN");
● Trading name or doing business as ("DBA") name; and
● Personal information for relevant Beneficial Owners, Directors or Account Holders per the
KYC flow above.
If an individual in the sole proprietorship flow, or individuals attached to an entity, fails electronic
verification, they are offered a documentary verification flow. An entity is subject to business
verification in addition to the verification of the individuals listed on the business. Also see the
“EIN Onboardingˮ process referenced above.)
When a customer's identity is satisfactorily verified, multiple additional screenings occur (e.g.,
evaluation under the Activation Customer Risk Rating model and sanctions screening is conducted)
and information is collected about the business they will operate on Square to complete
onboarding. Only verified customers can access payments and other products to transfer money.
A customer that wishes to only use the Payroll (or Staff) product has separate entity onboarding. A
full description of the Customer Identification Program is outlined in the Identity Verification Policy.
2.2.2 Customer Due Diligence
Customers provide information about the business they will operate on Square during the
onboarding phase to complete Customer Due Diligence. For both individuals and entities, email
address, phone number, website (if available) and business type (i.e. products or services offered
and against which the Merchant Category Code is assigned), and business structure (i.e.
sole-proprietorship, LLC, corporation, etc.) are collected. For individuals, the business name,
business address, EIN if available and business type (i.e. products or services offered and against
which the Merchant Category Code is assigned) are also collected. This information helps in
understanding the nature of the business relationship with Square and the expected behavior of
our customers. Square may collect additional information about a customer throughout the
lifecycle of the customer's account and during manual review.
A customer may operate more than one Square account, based on their unique business structure.
The primary customer account is classified as a merchant account, which serves as the main
location for the business. Square verifies a customer's identity at the merchant account level.

Customers can add additional locations to their primary account. Alternatively, a customer may
have more than one merchant level account, each functioning independently, but identifiable within
the Square system based on matching attributes such as SSN, EIN, and bank account.
2.2.3 Special Circumstances
Under certain circumstances, Square allows a Point of Sale ("POS") customer to transfer account
ownership to another individual, who is also subject to identity verification prior to the new owners'
use of the account.
If Square is unable to verify a customer's identity, the customer will be declined use of payments
processing.
2.2.4 Preventative Controls
Square uses declines and Hardblocks as preventative controls. These measures protect the
Square payment infrastructure from use by anonymous individuals or customers who have
previously been denied access to its system.
Declined - Unverified Identity
If Square is unable to verify the identity of a customer, the customer's account will not be activated
for payment processing. The customer may be able to use non-payments related products (i.e.
software products) but will not be able to move money without successful identity verification and
activation.
Age Restrictions
Square customers must be at least 18 years of age. Customers that attempt to onboard that have
not reached 18 years of age will be declined access.
Hardblock
Square uses Hardblock as an automated way to block previously deactivated customers from
creating new accounts. Hardblock is a service run after a customer completes the identification
verification process or any time a customer adds or changes their connected bank account.
Hardblocking can be triggered when one of the following attributes entered during onboarding
matches a previously deactivated account:
● SSN;
● Bank account number;
● Debit card or instant deposit card number; and
● A combination of account holder identifiers, such as:
○ Name
○ Date of Birth
○ Residential Address
○ Phone Number

○ Document Identifier, such as a driver's license or passport.
If a customer's attributes listed above match those assets stored in the Hardblock tables, the
account will be deactivated. There are limited circumstances where Compliance will manually
review an account that has been subject to Hardblock. Compliance may reactivate an account, if
there is sufficient disposition of any risks related to the customer re-entering the platform. For
example, if the customer was previously deactivated for a TOSV that has since been removed as a
violation (i.e., CBD, or firearms in allowable states, etc), they would be eligible for reactivation or
re-entering the platform with a new account.
2.3 Screenings
Sanctions screening is conducted after identity verification and on a daily basis thereafter during
the duration of the customer's relationship with Square. For more information about sanctions
screenings, refer to the Global Sanctions Compliance Program document. A risk-based approach
is taken to screening for Adverse Media during manual CDD/EDD reviews.
2.4 Customer Risk Rating Methodology
To assess a customer's profile and assign a risk rating, Square relies on the CRR methodology,
which was created by the Machine Learning ("ML") team in partnership with KYC Program
Managers. The Customer Risk Rating model has two components, an Activation Customer Risk
Rating ("aCRR") model and a Continuous Customer Risk Rating ("cCRR") model that allocates a
model score (empirical risk, machine learning) and evaluates intrinsic risk factors.
After identity verification, customers are evaluated under the aCRR model and are allocated a
score. Once transactions start, the customer is evaluated in real-time via the cCRR model
leveraging a number of signals and is evaluated ongoing daily. These scores translate to whether
the customer is rated high, moderate or low risk.
Square uses a customer's cCRR score to determine which customers require EDD review and the
frequency of OCDD.
For more information, refer to Block Activation Customer Risk Rating Program and Square
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Program.
2.5 Due Diligence Reviews
Due diligence reviews allow Square to:
● Ensure the identity of the customer and the business are known;
● Understand the nature and purpose of a customer's business and the products sold;
● Review transaction patterns and trends of the customer and their business profile; and
● Identify any red flags related to financial crimes or Terms of Service Violations.

During a manual review, a KYC Analyst assesses the customer's attributes, transactional behavior
patterns and activity, linked accounts, and web presence. An Analyst may also take a variety of
actions, such as:
● Requesting more information from the customer, including information about the customer
and/or their business, linked bank account owner relationship, specific transaction(s),;
● Reviewing business documentation;
● Warning against potential TOSVs;
● Reviewing and updating the customer's MCC, if necessary; and
● Freezing access to funds or deactivating the customer's account, if necessary.
Freezing or deactivating a customer's account occurs if the individual or the business meets any
of the following criteria:
● Considered too high-risk to continue the relationship with Square;
● Ownership cannot be successfully determined;
● Business nature or transaction purpose cannot be confirmed; or
● Poses other risks, such as terms of service violations, sanctions or suspicious activity.
The Analyst can then take action to exit the relationship by deactivating the seller's ability to
process payments or escalate for further review, as outlined in procedures.
2.5.1 Customer Due Diligence Reviews
During a CDD review, an Analyst can review a customer's onboarding information, transactional
behavior patterns and activity, linked accounts, web presence, and/or information focused on the
triggering activity. Additionally, an Analyst reviews CIP information and documentation using open
source searches about the customer. To obtain updated information from a customer, an Analyst
may also send a manual SSP.
CDD reviews can be triggered by TOSV escalations, alerts, or other non-CRR queues, and could
result in account deactivation.
2.5.2 Enhanced Due Diligence Reviews
EDD reviews are performed on accounts classified as high risk by their CRR or accounts with other
risk factors.
EDD reviews enable Square to understand the nature and purpose of a customer's account activity
to:
● Mitigate risk exposure associated with high-risk accounts and relationships;
● Evaluate whether a customer relationship should be retained, of if the account should be
deactivated; and
● Determine the required measures to appropriately manage the risk.

When applicable, EDD reviews are completed within a reasonable timeframe after customer
onboarding and on an ongoing basis. During an EDD review, the customer is evaluated using the
following criteria:
● CIP information or documentation (an OCDD review);
● Transactional behavior patterns and activity;
● Linked Square accounts;
● Account documentation;
● Web presence;
● Relevant negative news or adverse media; and
● Bank accounts.
2.5.3 Ongoing Customer Due Diligence Reviews
Square also conducts OCDD reviews, also referred to as KYC Refresh, which are performed at a
frequency determined by the seller's risk level or triggered by other specific events. During these
reviews, sellers are asked to confirm or update their CIP information and if deemed necessary,
they may also undergo a manual CDD review.
2.6 Compliance Actions
The following actions can be taken to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, including
but not limited to:
● Requests for information via SSP questions;
● Escalations;
● Deactivations; and
● Appeals and Reactivations.
2.6.1 Square Secure Profile Questions
When additional information is needed from the customer, a request is sent to the customer via a
SSP question. The customer is notified of the SSP via email, text message, in-app, or dashboard
notifications. In most cases, the merchant is given seven days to respond to an SSP request or
their account will automatically be frozen. Frozen accounts can still process card payments, but
cannot withdraw funds from their balance.
2.6.2 Merchant Category Code
KYC Analysts may review and update the customer's Merchant Category Code ("MCC") if they
determine the customer's primary business is more suited to a different code than the one
assigned at onboarding.
2.6.3 Deactivations
KYC Analysts deactivate (and escalate to the SAR investigations team where directed by
procedures) an account if they suspect TOSVs, money laundering, sanctions violations, terrorist

financing, or suspicious or illegal activity. This action removes the ability for the customer to
process card payments. Deactivations can happen immediately upon identifying the activity or
after a warning period, depending on the severity of the case. At the time of deactivation, the KYC
Analyst will select whether to also apply Hardblock to the account, based on the risk presented by
the customer and current procedures.
2.6.4 Escalations
KYC Analysts are responsible for escalating cases to other Square teams as needed. Escalations
may be sent to the following groups or teams under specific circumstances:
● Sanctions: when possible activity related to a sanctioned country is identified;
● Financial Crimes ("FinCrimes"), including Transaction Monitoring or Suspicious Activity
Reporting ("SAR"): when possible money laundering or other activity that may require SAR
reporting is identified;
● Brand & Reputational Risk Committee: when action against a seller may be controversial or
bring criticism against Square; and
● Risk: when possible high risk behavior is identified as defined by the credit risk or Risk
team.
2.6.5 Appeals
Frozen or deactivated accounts are escalated to the Compliance team when the seller calls
support and believes that their account activity has been misinterpreted, or if they intend to not
transact the prohibited item or service in the future. In these cases, the Customer Success ("CS")
advocate escalates the seller to compliance in Regulator, an internal platform. If deemed
appropriate, a request to appeal the deactivation may be reviewed, and the account may be
reactivated.
2.7 KYC Program Design
2.7.1 Model Governance and Queue Parameters
Square utilizes various heuristics, signals, ML and manual Escalations to create cases for the KYC
teams to review. This includes automated case queues and periodic manual reports for review.
Square's U.S. KYC team queues are established and maintained by the KYC Program Management
and Partnership teams. Any new queues or recommended changes to the existing queue models
are reviewed and approved using the Compliance Model Change Management Process.
The complete list of queues is outlined in the Square - US CDD/KYC/EDD Rulebook.
2.7.2 Systems
Square uses an internal case management system to house and monitor customer data across all
Square products. Third party vendor tools are used to supplement reviews and include but are not

limited to TLO, TransUnion, LegitScript, and Emailage. Some of these tools are integrated within
Regulator.
2.7.3 Quality Management
The Quality Control and Quality Assurance teams review decisions made by Analysts during CDD,
EDD reviews for adherence to procedures and evaluation of the program. The outcomes of these
reviews are reported to senior leadership teams. Further details of this program are outlined in the
Square Compliance Quality Management Handbook.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● KYC Analysts:
○ Conduct due diligence reviews on customers in accordance with documented
procedures, user guides, and checklists
○ Document findings in case notes/comments in Regulator, Square's case
management system
○ Review Escalations and cases to evaluate potential TOSV
○ Escalate cases to the appropriate teams if suspicious or potentially illegal activity is
detected
○ May be Block employees or employees of third party vendor systems
● KYC Leads/Managers:
○ Review escalated cases, Appeals, high value deactivations
○ Queue management and team oversight
○ Draft and maintain policies and procedures documentation
● KYC Program Managers:
○ Make recommendations for and assist in executing process improvements and
procedure updates
○ Draft and maintain relevant documentation and content for changes to the Standard
in accordance with regulatory updates, new products, and overall Compliance team
policies and procedures
○ Communicate the progress of and oversee the end-to-end implementation of each
operational change to leadership and relevant stakeholders
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards

● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Program effectively.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws
and regulations. Standard exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for
a request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate
risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Block,
Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block BSA/AML Program
● Block Global Sanctions Compliance Program
● Square Terms of Service Program
● Block Activation Customer Risk Rating Program

● Compliance Model Change Management Process
● Square's Payment Terms
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Abby Haefner KYC Program Creation Initial creation November 12,
Manager Lead 2020
Abby Haefner KYC Program Initial Approval Approved by March 18, 2022
Manager Lead Compliance
Operations Lead
Abby Haefner KYC Program Scheduled Annual updates October 9, 2023
Manager Lead Review
Melissa Benjamin Square Material Changed scope July 30, 2024
Compliance Change from global to
Program, Quality, Approval US, new
Training Lead template
updates, and
content updates.
Square Scheduled Jul 23, 2025
Compliance Review
Program &
Quality Lead
Adrian Gardner Customer Immateria… Correct CRR January 6, 2026
Onboarding and section to refer
Appeals Program to ML CRR
Lead
Methodology.
Re-organize

Approver Title Type Description Date
sections to
follow flow of
onboarding to
Compliance
review. Update
outdated
sections. Added
Appendix A
which speaks to
the KYC Refresh
process.
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope US
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Customer Onboarding and Appeals, Merchant Onboarding
Program Manager
Approved By Customer Onboarding and Appeals Program
Lead
Document Tier Tier 3

Appendix A1
1. KYC Refresh
The KYC Refresh ("Refresh") process enables Square to maintain updated information in support
of holistic and comprehensive ongoing monitoring of Square customers. The Refresh may take
place as part of a time-bound (scheduled) periodic review, as a result of a specified event, or
under special circumstances and at the discretion of business or Compliance leadership. The
customer's risk rating (through the cCRR determines the cadence and nature of the Refresh
requirements. Refresh processes involve automated and manual diligence to ensure updated
information and documentation has been obtained, verification of the customer has been
refreshed (as needed), and a due diligence review has been conducted. Certain populations may
be exempt from part or all of the KYC Refresh processes as determined by the business or
Compliance leadership and in accordance with the policy exemption process.
1.1 Documentation Refresh & Updated Verification
Identification documentation that was valid at the time of onboarding, or at the time that the
documentation was subsequently obtained, does not need to be updated upon expiration, unless
there has been a change to the customerʼs identification information (i.e., legal name) to .
Additional information and documentation in the customer's profile may require refresh during the
scheduled periodic review. During this review, customer information such as legal name and
address should be confirmed as current and accurate. A change, such as a legal name change, will
require a refresh of the customer's identity verification.
1.3 Verification Process
A verification refresh is required when Square becomes aware of a customer's legal name change.
Additionally, verification refresh may be required when there is reason to believe that the identity
credentials on file are inaccurate or invalid, at the direction of Compliance leadership, or in
accordance with regulatory requirements. This refresh process is not required at any set cadence
for customers who have verified through electronic methods.
1.4 Due Diligence Review Refresh
A periodic due diligence review is triggered if an account meets the below criteria:
● The account is an active account with a high risk rating, and a compliance review has not
been conducted within 1 year;
● The account is an active account with a medium risk rating, and a compliance review has
not been conducted within 3 years; or,
1 The Appendix provides guidance on the KYC Refresh process, which will be incorporated into the core document during
the next comprehensive update.

● The account is an active account with a low risk rating, and a compliance review has not
been conducted within 5 years.
The scope of the due diligence review is dependent upon the risk rating. During review, specialists
assess customer specific attributes and data, transactional behavior patterns and activity, linked
financial instrument activity, and web presence to better understand the nature and purpose of the
account, as well as expected account activity.
High Risk Accounts:
● Receive enhanced due diligence
● Include manual negative news Google search
● Holistic review of customer's identity and behavior patterns
● Transaction blocking enforced if information refresh not completed within timeframe
Medium and Low Risk Reviews:
● Include diligence on updated identity documentation
● Negative news search
During periodic due diligence, updated information, documentation, and verification should be
reviewed for completeness and consistency.