Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering &
Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program
Standard
Block, Inc
Last Approved: August 12, 2025
Effective Date: August 12, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Money Laundering and terrorist financing are serious financial crimes
with potentially serious social and financial effects. The laws of the U.S. government impose
affirmative obligations on covered entities to implement systems and processes to prevent, detect,
and report on a range of illicit activity, including money laundering, terrorist financing, and other
criminal acts. Block, Inc. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as "Block" or the "Company")
are committed to complying with anti-money laundering ("AML") and countering the financing of
terrorism ("CFT") laws and regulations in all jurisdictions in which they operate, and to preventing
the misuse of services and any other related involvement in criminal or unlawful activity.
This Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering & Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program
Standard ("Standard") is designed to operationalize requirements under U.S. laws and regulations
and meet the minimum standards set out under Block's Global AML/CFT Policy. This Standard also
forms part of Block's Anti-Financial Crime domain under the Block Compliance Policy Governance
Framework.
Block complies with a number of AML/CFT laws and regulations globally including, but not limited
to, the Bank Secrecy Act (“BSAˮ). The U.S. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCENˮ), a
bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, issues and enforces regulations under the BSA.
Among other things, the BSA requires financial institutions, such as money services businesses
(“MSBsˮ), to develop, implement, and maintain an effective BSA/AML Compliance Program
(“Programˮ or “BSA/AML Programˮ).
Scope: This Standard is applicable to Block and all its U.S. subsidiaries. The only exception is
Square Financial Services which is a Utah state-chartered Industrial Bank federally regulated by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and has its own Compliance Program, which includes
its own BSA/AML Program, and Cash App Investing LLC, a licensed money transmitter and

registered money service business subject to the Bank Secrecy Act ("BSA") and USA PATRIOT Act.
Cash App Investing maintains its independent AML/CFT Program while leveraging the resources,
technology, and sophistication of the enterprise-wide Block AML Program.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Anti-Financial Crime A set of regulatory rules (including the BSA, USA PATRIOT
Act, CTA, AMLA, etc.) and investigative techniques aimed at
preventing and combating various illegal activities related to
the financial system, including (but not limited to): Money
Laundering; Terrorist Financing; Fraud; Identity Theft;
Corruption; Sanctions Violations; Cybercrime; Tax Evasion.
Customer Identification Program CIP comprises two elements: a) the collection of customer
("CIP") information Identity Collection); and b) verification Identity
Verification) using reliable and independent sources to
reasonably establish the identity of the customer.
Covered Products Block defines its Covered Products as the products and
services that Block offers pursuant to a license or
registration and that are subject to BSA/AML related laws
and regulations. Certain other products may also be
considered Covered Products, such as where required
under partner bank expectation and/or contractual
obligation. Each Business Line is responsible for maintaining
a documented and up-to-date list of products and services
that meet this definition.
Customer Due Diligence Including CIP, CDD involves the collection and risk-based
("CDD") verification of additional information from customers at
onboarding, account setup, or on an ongoing basis.
Enhanced Due Diligence ("EDD") EDD includes CDD plus additional collection, verification, or
corroboration of customer or transactional information. This
information is used to enhance the overall understanding of
the customer and the activities the customer is engaged in
where the customer has demonstrated potential higher AML
risk. Local Laws may specify circumstances where EDD
must be performed and the measures required.
Know Your Customer ("KYC") KYC includes the process of establishing risk-based
controls to identify and apply a risk-based approach to
verifying the identity of Block's customers. The term KYC
may also be referred to as Know Your Business KYB when
dealing with non-individual entities or business customers.
Integration As the final stage of money laundering, integration occurs
when the criminal receives the proceeds of what now
appear to be legitimate payments. The criminal can then use
the funds as they wish.

Terminology Definition
Layering As the second stage of money laundering, layering is
generally the use of many complex transactions to obscure
the source of the criminal proceeds and make them appear
legitimate.
Money Laundering Money Laundering is the process of making criminal
proceeds ('dirty' money) appear to have come from a
legitimate source ('clean' money). Criminals do this by
moving those proceeds through different entities, accounts
and transactions where the funds are less likely to attract
attention but are readily accessible when required.
Money Transmitter A person that provides "money transmission services",
which are generally defined under the BSA to mean
acceptance of currency, funds, or other value that
substitutes for currency from one person and the
transmission of currency, funds, or other value that
substitutes for currency to another location or person by any
means.
Placement As the first stage of money laundering, placement is the
introduction of criminal proceeds into the financial system.
Provider of Prepaid Access A participant in a prepaid program that agrees to serve as
the principal conduit for access to information from its
fellow program participants in which "prepaid access" is
defined as access to funds or the value of funds that have
been paid in advance and can be retrieved or transferred at
some point in the future through an electronic device or
vehicle, such as a card, code, electronic serial number,
mobile identification number, or personal identification
number.
Terrorist Financing Terrorist financing is the solicitation, collection or delivery of
funds to support terrorist acts or organizations. Unlike
money laundering, which always involves the proceeds of a
crime, funds to finance terrorism are often diverted from
legitimate sources. Terrorists may also rely on laundered
funds derived from criminal enterprises.
2. About Block
2.1 Blockʼs Money Services and Virtual Currency Business Activities
Block engages in money services business activity by acting as a Money Transmitter and Provider
of Prepaid Access. Block is registered as an MSB with FinCEN. Block has established procedures
for the maintenance of the MSB registration with FinCEN and the state regulators. These

procedures include, but are not limited to, registration renewal timelines and filing requirements for
significant events.
2.2 Cash App
Cash App is a Business Line that provides its customers access to a range of financial services,
which may be accessed through its mobile application (and for some features, its website). Among
other features, Cash App allows its customers to receive, transfer, and hold funds. Cash App
customers may also have the ability to buy, sell, hold, receive, and transfer Bitcoin. Cash App
partners with banks to enable certain features, such as a Visa Prepaid Debit Card ("Cash App
Card") and loans. Customers are required to meet certain eligibility criteria in order to access many
of these features.
2.3 Square
Square is a merchant payment services platform that enables businesses of all sizes ("Sellers") to
manage how they accept payments, bank, manage inventory and appointments, pay vendors and
employees, send invoices, message customers, access credit such as loans and cash advances,
organize multiple locations, and, among other things, engage in e-commerce. Sellers have access
to Square's products through mobile and desktop applications and through use of Square's
hardware products. Square partners with banks to enable certain products, such as Square
Checking (business checking account) and Square Card (a debit card offered to Square Checking
customers).
3. Mitigating Controls
Block mitigates the money laundering risks associated with its business in several ways, including
but not limited to:
● Assigning customer risk ratings and performing risk-based KYC, customer due diligence,
and enhanced due diligence, as applicable, based on the potential AML/CFT risk that the
customer presents;
● Prohibiting certain customers from processing payments due to unacceptable money
laundering, reputational, or other risks and outlining these prohibitions in its terms of
service and internal compliance policies;
● Blocking transactional activity for accounts with connections to other accounts, individuals,
or devices with a known history of illicit activity within the Block system;
● Monitoring transactions using proprietary algorithms, including heuristic and
machine-learning methodologies, to identify and prevent patterns of transactional behavior
suggestive of money laundering or other suspicious activities;
● Monitoring transactional activity related to card payments associated with high risk
jurisdictions, which may not otherwise be subject to the AML controls of U.S. financial
institutions subject to the BSA;
● Screening customer and account data at onboarding and other points in the account
lifecycle to prevent the onboarding or continued use of the product by previously identified
bad actors; and

● Maintaining procedural controls that can identify and terminate high-risk accounts in real
time or following appropriate investigations, including blocking any corresponding inflows
or outflows of funds and potentially restricting accounts where appropriate.
4. Anti-Money Laundering Program
In accordance with the BSA and other applicable laws and regulations, U.S. financial institutions
(including MSBs) are relied upon to assist U.S. government agencies in preventing and detecting
money laundering, terrorist financing, and other illicit activity. The BSA mandates the development,
implementation, and maintenance of a written risk-based BSA/AML Program that is reasonably
designed to ensure compliance with all applicable BSA requirements. In addition, Block is subject
to AML-related requirements of state regulators, which are contemplated in this Standard and
Business Line-specific standards.
4..1 Governance
The Block Board of Directors ("Board") appoints a BSA/AML Compliance Officer who is
responsible for coordinating, managing, and monitoring the Standard.
In addition, the Board has formed and appoints members to the Audit and Risk Committee ("ARC")
to assist the Board in overseeing the Company's compliance with applicable laws (including U.S.
federal securities laws and other legal requirements). Among other responsibilities, the ARC
ensures that the BSA/AML Compliance Officer has sufficient authority and resources (e.g.,
monetary and personnel) to administer an effective risk-based Program.
Blockʼs Board has direct oversight of Blockʼs AML/CFT compliance through the Chief Compliance
Officer (“CCOˮ) and the BSA/AML Compliance Officer to ensure compliance with this Standard.
Please refer to the Roles and Responsibilities and Designation of BSA/AML Compliance Officer
sections of this Standard for further detail.
4.2 Relationship with Sanctions Program
Block maintains a Global Sanctions Policy and a corresponding Global Sanctions Program, which
are overseen by the Head of Global Sanctions Compliance. In order to monitor and manage
financial crimes risks holistically for its customers and transactions, Block's BSA/AML Compliance
Officer partners closely with the Head of Global Sanctions Compliance and Business Line
Compliance Leadership. Block is cognizant of the interdependencies and proximity of the two
programs, which may result in controls and other references being made between both Standards
and Business Line-specific standards and procedures.
4.3 Five Pillars Structure
Consistent with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including the BSA, Block implemented
and maintains the following key components of its BSA/AML Program:

1. Designation of BSA/AML Compliance Officer;
2. Internal Policies, Procedures, and Controls;
3. AML Training and Awareness;
4. Independent Testing and Review; and
5. Customer Due Diligence ("CDD") Program (hereafter referred to as "KYC Program").
5.Designation of BSA/AML Compliance Officer
5.1 Appointment and Approval
The Board designates the BSA/AML Compliance Officer, who is responsible for coordinating and
monitoring day-to-day BSA compliance. The Board has designated the CCO in this role. The
BSA/AML Compliance Officer may fulfill other responsibilities and delegate certain duties under
the Standard to other suitably qualified and experienced Staff Members.
The BSA/AML Compliance Officer has the authority to communicate directly with the Board and
the ARC. This may be performed on an ad-hoc basis when deemed appropriate or requested, or as
part of a written report to the ARC delivered quarterly, or at least on an annual basis. At the
discretion of the BSA/AML Compliance Officer, in the event of an instance of disagreement on
material compliance matters with Senior Management, this may include escalation requiring Board
decisioning to the ARC chairperson.
To support this responsibility, the BSA/AML Compliance Officer or their designee conduct activities
to ensure Block complies with BSA requirements. In addition to activities expressly described in
other sections, these activities include but are not limited to:
● Ensuring that regulatory reports required of Block by this Standard are accurate and timely
filed with the appropriate governmental agencies;
● Ensuring documents required to be retained pursuant to the BSA or Blockʼs BSA Policy are
retained in the manner prescribed for the required period;
● Ensuring that processes or procedures used to monitor new and existing customers are
appropriately designed and implemented to identify potential money laundering / terrorist
financing/other illicit activity, taking into account the unique money laundering / terrorist
financing/other illicit activity risks of each such product or service;
● Monitoring relevant federal and state regulatory changes, FinCEN and other guidance, and
enforcement developments to ensure that the Standard remains reasonably designed to
prevent Block from being used to facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, and other
illicit activity and implementing changes to the Program when necessary to detect and
prevent such actions; and
● Assessing the development and administration of an effective training program to support
implementation of this Standard, monitoring for quality and effectiveness.
5.2 Appointment of Deputy Officers
While the BSA/AML Compliance Officer will ultimately be responsible for the Program, to support
both adequate coverage and continuity the BSA/AML Compliance Officer may also formally

appoint Deputy BSA/AML Compliance Officers to undertake their duties when not available, or
otherwise deemed appropriate. Such Deputy Officers should be adequately trained and
experienced to perform the applicable duties assigned. Appointments of Deputy Officers should
be approved in writing including, amongst other things, the scope of coverage under the Program.
6. Internal Policies, Procedures, and Controls
Block manages a range of standards and processes to maintain compliance with relevant legal
requirements, industry standards, and Block's own internal policies.
6.1 Documented Program
Notwithstanding the exceptions noted within, this Standard serves as the minimum standards for
Block's BSA/AML Program for its U.S. business.
6.2 BSA/AML Risk Assessment
Block is responsible for conducting BSA/AML risk assessments in order to identify potential money
laundering and terrorist financing risks and to inform the design and priorities of the BSA/AML
Compliance Program. The BSA/AML risk assessment must undergo periodic review to account for
changes in product offerings and services, customers, and geographic locations.Blockʼs BSA/AML
risk assessment also assesses emerging risks, operations, and employees.
Risk assessments must be updated on a regular basis including but not limited to the following
circumstances:
● New products or services are offered;
● Material changes being made to existing products;
● Material changes are made to legal or regulatory requirements; or
● New markets or jurisdictions are entered through Blockʼs U.S. operations that will materially
impact Blockʼs risk profile.
For the avoidance of doubt, risk assessments specific to products must be completed prior to:
● New or materially changed products or services being available in any capacity to active
customers; or
● The effective date of applicable legal requirements.
Block conducts an annual risk assessment process which is an assessment of Blockʼs AML/CFT
Risk Assessment for the prior year. This annual risk assessment is to be approved by the BSA/AML
Compliance Officer with results presented to the ARC, and any subsidiary Board or Management
Committee, where applicable.
6.3 Management Reporting
In order to manage Program operations and mitigate organizational risk, routine reporting must be
conducted on this Standard. Compliance Leadership is responsible for providing periodic BSA/AML

Program reports, updates, and material developments to the BSA/AML Compliance Officer who is
then responsible for reporting those developments to the Board or designated Board
subcommittee, quarterly, or at least on an annual basis. The BSA/AML Compliance Officer may
provide ad-hoc Program updates to the Board, when deemed appropriate or requested.
6.4 Third-Party Risk Management
Block engages and maintains third-party relationships including vendors (e.g., technology service
providers for identity verification, sanctions watchlist screening, transaction monitoring) and
partners (e.g., bank partners, payment service providers, card networks) to provide products or
perform services that support certain business activities within the Program.
Block maintains a third-party risk management framework that incorporates activities
commensurate to the level of risk or complexity undertaken or supported by each third-party
relationship. Activities include but are not limited to initial due diligence, periodic risk assessments,
service level reviews, and ongoing performance monitoring.
6.5 Transaction Monitoring Program
Block acknowledges that transaction monitoring is a vital component of ensuring BSA/AML
compliance as it provides a mechanism for evaluating suspicious activity and transactions across
Block's products. Block utilizes various proprietary algorithms and vendor tools to create alerts for
the Transaction Monitoring team to review. This includes automated alert queues and periodic or
manual reports for review. Alert queues and reports are generated using machine-learning,
heuristics, or manual methodologies. Product specific activities to identify risk indicators and
transactional activity for Bitcoin are governed by dedicated rulebooks that define the methodology
and associated risks relevant to those products. Requirements for Bitcoin detection can be found in
Cash App Bitcoin Transaction and Sanctions Monitoring Rulebook. Any new models or
recommended changes to the existing models are reviewed and approved by the Financial Crimes
program which oversees Transaction Monitoring, and validated by the Model Risk Management
team in accordance with the Model Change Management Process.
6.6 Model Governance
Block uses certain technologies to support its management of financial crime related risks, and this
includes certain filtering systems and transaction monitoring models to identify money laundering,
terrorist financing, and other illicit activity risks. In accordance with requirements issued by the
New York Department of Financial Services (“NYDFSˮ) (i.e., NYCRR Part 504, other U.S. and
international laws, and best practices, Block maintains a Model Risk Management Program to
oversee and manage its use of these filtering systems and models. This program is augmented by
the Financial Crimes program which oversees Transaction Monitoring, which plays a crucial role in
approving material changes to transaction monitoring models and technologies. This includes the
following requirements, which Block has incorporated into its Model Governance Program:
● With respect to transaction monitoring models and technologies, on a periodic basis, Block
elects to conduct a Typology Coverage Assessment. The Typology Coverage Assessment
supports Block in assessing the completeness and appropriateness of its automated

transaction monitoring systems in accordance with regulatory guidance based on relevant
typologies (or red flags) appropriate for the size, nature, and product set that Block offers;
● Periodic reviews and testing of the accuracy of Blockʼs filtering systems and transaction
monitoring systems to policy and standard level documentation;
● Maintenance of documentation relating to the configuration of Blockʼs filtering systems and
transaction monitoring rules;
● Approval processes for changes to configurations within the filtering systems and
transaction monitoring systems, including approval from delegates of the BSA/AML
Compliance Officer; and
● The completion of an independent assessment to support the BSA/AML Compliance
Officerʼs annual NYDFS Regulation 504 certification concerning Blockʼs monitoring and
filtering programs.
6.7 Suspicious Activity Reporting
Block files a Suspicious Activity Report ("SAR") with FinCEN in accordance with its instructions and
relevant guidance. SARs must be filed within 30 calendar days from the time the Compliance
Analyst determines that the activity at issue is "suspicious" within the meaning of the SAR
regulation.
Block maintains records related to the SAR filing, including but not limited to, a copy of the
completed SAR that was submitted to FinCEN, for a minimum of five years from the date of filing
the SAR.
A SAR is filed if Block knows, suspects, or has reason to suspect that a transaction (or pattern of
transactions):
● Involves criminal violations of any amount which involve insider abuse, terrorist financing,
human trafficking or child sexual exploitation;
● In circumstances where a transaction or transactions aggregate to a value of $2,000 or
more, and Block knows, suspects, or has to reason to suspect that the transaction or
pattern of transactions:
○ Involves funds derived from illegal activity, or is intended to hide or disguise funds
or assets derived from illegal activity, as part of a plan to violate or evade any
federal law or regulation, or to evade any transaction reporting requirement under
federal law or regulation;
○ Is designed, whether by structuring or other means, to evade any requirements of
the BSA;
○ Involves the use of cryptocurrency to facilitate illicit activity, or indicators of
cyber-enabled fraud;
○ Serves no business or apparent lawful purpose, and Block knows of no reasonable
explanation for the transaction after examining the available facts, including the
background and possible purpose of the transaction; or
○ Involves the use of Block to facilitate criminal activity.
Block pays particular attention to red flags that may indicate a higher risk of money laundering,
terrorist financing, or other illicit activity and takes appropriate action, which may include filing a

SAR or undertaking Enhanced Due Diligence. In particular, relevant teams will review instances of
the following as determined by applicable procedures:
● Repeated attempts by a customer to exceed transaction thresholds;
● Repeated attempts by a customer to provide insufficient or suspicious information;
● Unusual sales or transactions given the history, location, and nature of the transactions
previously processed by Block for a particular customer;
● Customers who exhibit behavior indicative of attempting to abuse Blockʼs platforms by
creating or using multiple linked accounts inappropriately;
● Transactions for which there is no apparent business or lawful purpose;
● Transactions that do not align with intended product usage; or
● Suspicion arising from customer interactions or communications, including queries or
behaviors that may indicate potential attempts to circumvent or exploit the program; or
● Transactions or activities that may indicate potential involvement in terrorism financing,
including but not limited to unusual or high-risk patterns associated with known typologies.
If one or more transactions are identified and meet any of the criteria above, the relevant team will
conduct a review of the transactions to assess whether a reportable suspicious event has
occurred and determine whether or not a SAR should be filed. If a SAR filing is warranted, the
customer relationship may be terminated in alignment with each Business Lineʼs customer
retention guidance.
If an investigation identifies child sexual abuse material (“CSAMˮ) images, the SAR Investigator
must submit both a regulatory report and also a summary report via the Cyber TipLine reporting for
NCMEC. Regulatory reporting involves filing a report to a regulating body (e.g. FinCEN. Summary
reporting involves the SAR Investigator writing and submitting a summary of the investigation
separate from the SAR itself and alerting NCMEC of potential child sexual exploitation, and removal
of any CSAM images from the Block platform when required.
6.7.1 Continuing Activity Reporting
For all cases in which Block filed a SAR with FinCEN, a Continuing Activity Review is conducted in
accordance with FinCEN instructions and relevant guidance; and if necessary a Continuing Activity
SAR is filed to report continuation of the activity.
Continuing Activity Reviews commence 90 days after the prior filing date; and Continuing Activity
SARs are filed no later than 120 days after the previous SAR filing date. Continuing Activity Reviews
are required after every SAR filing, regardless if a Continuing Activity SAR has previously been
filed. The cycle of the investigation reopening every 90 days after a filing continues until the
reportable activity has ceased.
Further details are documented in Business Line SAR standards and procedures.
The BSA/AML Compliance Officer reports a summary of SAR filings to the ARC, quarterly, or at
least on an annual basis.

6.8 Prohibition on Tipping Off
If Block files a SAR, neither Block nor any director, officer, Staff Member, or agent of Block may
notify any person that the transaction has been reported on a SAR nor admit or deny the fact that a
SAR has been filed. If Block is subpoenaed or otherwise requested to disclose that a SAR has been
filed or the information contained in a SAR, except when such disclosure is requested by FinCEN or
an appropriate law enforcement or supervisory agency, Block must decline to produce the SAR or
to provide any information that would disclose that a SAR has been prepared or filed. The
appropriate Company Staff Member must promptly notify FinCEN of any such request and of
Blockʼs response. When Block files a SAR, both Block and any director, officer, Staff Member, or
agent of Block are protected from liability for any disclosure contained in the report or for failure to
provide notice of such disclosure to the person who is the subject of such report.
6.9 314(a) and 314(b) Programs
Section 314 of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, as amended, ("USA PATRIOT Act") encourages
information sharing between government agencies or law enforcement authorities and financial
institutions to deter money laundering and terrorist activity.
FinCENʼs USA PATRIOT Act implementing regulations under Section 314(a) require financial
institutions to search their records and produce certain documents and records on demand (each,
a “Section 314(a) Requestˮ).
Section 314(b) of the USA PATRIOT Act provides financial institutions with the ability to share
information with one another, under a safe harbor that offers protections from liability, in order to
better identify and report activities that may involve money laundering (defined broadly, to include
fraud and other illicit activities) or terrorist activities. Participation in information sharing pursuant
to Section 314(b) is voluntary, and FinCEN strongly encourages financial institutions to participate.
Financial institutions subject to an anti-money laundering program requirement under FinCEN
regulations, and any association of these financial institutions, are eligible to register to share
information under Section 314(b). This includes Money Services Businesses.1
6.9.1. Designation of Section 314(a) and 314(b) Contact Person
Block has designated Compliance personnel identified as the contact person(s) for receipt of all
incoming Section 314(a) and 314(b) requests, and shall provide FinCEN their name, contact
information, and any other details FinCEN may request. This contact information is accessible to
any other institution that is actively participating in Section 314(b) information sharing.
6.9.2 Action upon Receipt of a Section 314(a) Request
Upon receipt of a Section 314(a) Request, Compliance Leadership or their designated team
member(s) will search Blockʼs records to determine both (i) whether Block maintains or has
maintained any account for, or (ii) has engaged in any transaction with each individual, entity, or
1 Block, Inc. registered for voluntary participation in the 314(b) program from October 1, 2024. Block Inc's participation is
limited to the Square and Cash App business areas as defined within the scope of this Standard.

organization named in the Section 314(a) Request. For accounts, the scope of the search must
include both current accounts as well as any accounts maintained in the preceding 12 months. For
transactions, the scope of the search must include any transactions that occurred in the preceding
six months. If Blockʼs Section 314(a) records search identifies an account or a transaction
pertaining to any individual, entity, or organization named in the Section 314(a) Request,
Compliance Leads must report the affirmative nature of the search results together with pertinent
identifying information to FinCEN within the timeframe and in the manner specified in the Section
314(a) Request.
6.9.3 Limitations of Use of 314(a) Information Provided by FinCEN
Block shall not use any of the information obtained from FinCEN in any Section 314(a) Request,
except for the following purposes:
● Making its Section 314(a) report to FinCEN;
● Determining whether to establish or maintain an account or engage in a transaction; or
● Complying with any other BSA statutory or regulatory requirement
In addition, Block shall not disclose to any person other than FinCEN or the law enforcement
agency on whose behalf FinCEN made the Section 314(a) Request that FinCEN has requested or
obtained information pursuant to Section 314(a). This prohibition does not apply, however, to (a)
disclosures necessary to comply with the Section 314(a) Request or (b) information sharing
between financial institutions under Section 314(b), provided such information sharing does not
disclose the fact that FinCEN made a Section 314(a) Request.
6.9.4 Action upon Receipt of a Section 314(b) Request
Upon receipt of a Section 314(b) request, Compliance Leadership or their designated team
member(s) will confirm if: (i) the request is from a Block bank partner that is in-scope for
information-sharing at the time, (ii) the subject(s) of the Section 314(b) request is a Block
customer, (iii) Block has any information regarding each individual, entity, or organization within the
request, and (iv) if the request is within the acceptable scope for response as defined by
participation guidance, as well as Blockʼs additional response criteria. If the Compliance Lead (or
other designated team member) determines that the subject(s) is a customer and the request is in
scope, the subject(s) and associated activity will be investigated in accordance with Blockʼs
internal Compliance policies and procedures.
Due to the voluntary nature of Section 314(b) participation, Block may not respond to all incoming
requests not in scope, and will employ a risk-based approach to evaluating all requests for
response eligibility. Compliance Leads aim to respond to in-scope requests within the SLA
documented in their internal processes and procedures via the manner Block specifies in the
Section 314(b) Request.

6.9.5 Outgoing 314(b) Requests
On a case-by-case basis, Compliance Leads and their teams may recommend sending an
outgoing 314(b) request to a participating financial institution. The outgoing 314(b) request can be
used as another investigative tool to help mitigate or confirm activity identified on Blockʼs platform.
6.9.6 314(a) and 314(b) Record Retention
Block retains relevant records associated with the 314(a) and 314(b) Program for a minimum period
of seven years.
6.10 Law Enforcement Requests
Block has established processes for identifying subjects of law enforcement requests, subpoenas,
and national security letters. When Block receives a law enforcement request, subpoena, or
national security letter, it involves a request for copies of account records related to activity that
has occurred on a Block account or information associated with an account holder. While Blockʼs
timely responsiveness to subpoenas is a fundamental priority, Blockʼs Legal department will first
scrutinize any request to ensure its validity and Block will only provide information that is within its
scope, and in compliance with all applicable laws and Blockʼs Privacy Policy.
When a valid request is received, it is Blockʼs standard to partner with government and law
enforcement agencies in the spirit of cooperation to prevent abuse and misuse of Blockʼs systems
and the financial ecosystem. Absent specific record retention requirements, Block retains these
documents for no less than five years from the final actions.
6.11 Special Measures, Sections 311 and 9714
The U.S. Secretary of the Treasury (via FinCEN is authorized to require domestic financial
institutions to take certain special measures against foreign jurisdictions, foreign financial
institutions, classes of international transactions, or types of accounts that FinCEN finds to be
"primary money laundering concerns."These special measures include, for example, a prohibition
on correspondent accounts or remittances, or additional record keeping/reporting on transactions
involving the target of the 311 or 9714 actions.
Block monitors for findings and proposed rules under sections 311 and 9714 and considers
potential impact on its relevant products and services. In the event of a final rule relevant to Blockʼs
business (e.g., record keeping or reporting related to certain funds transmittals), Block will ensure
that it has established controls to comply with the legal requirements. 6.12 Currency Transaction
and other Reports.
Currency Transaction Reports ("CTRs") must be filed by Money Transmitters for transactions in
currency, by or on behalf of a customer, that in aggregate exceeding $10,000 during any one
business day. CTRs must be filed for such transfers made by, to, or through Block. When a
third-party who is also obligated to file a CTR receives currency on behalf of Block, the parties
may contractually agree as to which party must file a CTR, in compliance with FinCEN Ruling
20011. To the extent that Block engages in transactions that require a CTR, Block is responsible

for ensuring CTRs are filed in accordance with regulatory reporting requirements for these
products, whether directly or by a third party to which it outsources the obligation..
Geographic Targeting Orders GTOs are specific directives issued by FinCEN under the authority
of the Bank Secrecy Act to combat money laundering and financial crime in particular geographic
areas. While GTOs authorities are broader than CTR requirements, FinCEN has recently issued
specific GTOs that effectively modify CTF obligations for certain reporting entities by lowering the
dollar threshold for reporting currency transactions in certain US jurisdictions.
GTOs can be public or nonpublic, targeted at certain types of financial and nonfinancial entities.
Block must comply with public GTOs that include MSBs as reporting entities, and any nonpublic
GTOs issued by FinCEN directly to Block or one of its subsidiaries. GTOs are temporary, with a
maximum duration of 180 days, which can be renewed by FinCEN. The purpose of GTOs are to
increase transparency associated with financial activity in specific geographical areas, and
typically require financial institutions and other businesses (like title companies) to comply with
certain recordkeeping and/or reporting obligations.
6.13 Employee Due Diligence
Block mandates screening on all prospective, new, and existing employees (including contractors)
to understand and monitor the financial crimes risks to which its employees may pose to Block.
Block takes necessary steps once any due diligence or screening reveals substantiated concerns,
including but not limited to termination of such employees and compliance with record keeping and
reporting obligations.
6.14 Resourcing and Workforce Management
Block periodically assesses the adequacy and staffing needs for its BSA/AML Program and actions
upon identified needs as related to resourcing and workforce management.
6.15 Quality Control & Assurance
Block maintains a Quality Control & Assurance Program that continuously assesses the output of
BSA/AML operations as well as a feedback loop for continuous improvement, across the following
components of the Program.
● KYC Due Diligence Reviews;
● Name Screening Reviews and Escalations;
● Transaction Monitoring Investigations & SAR Filing;
● Unacceptable Use / Terms of Service Monitoring Reviews; and
● Appeals Reviews.
The Quality Control & Assurance Program consists of two components, quality control, when a review
is conducted prior to a decision, such as prior to filing SARs against predefined criteria, and quality
assurance, which is performed post decision by a dedicated team. The Quality Control & Assurance
Program covers both internal staff and third party providers performing operations functions.

Further details are documented in Business Line programs and procedures.
6.16 Compliance Monitoring and Testing Program
Block requires risk-based periodic monitoring and testing of relevant Program controls by
Compliance. Issues identified during monitoring are documented in accordance with program
procedures and tracked to ensure appropriate resolution. These issues are reported to Senior
Management periodically.
6.17 Record keeping
Block adheres to the BSA's reporting and record keeping obligations, which impose requirements
on financial institutions for reports or records that have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax,
or regulatory investigations or proceedings, or in the conduct of intelligence or counterintelligence
activities, including analysis, to protect against international terrorism. The BSAʼs reporting and
record keeping obligations include SARs and currency transaction reports.
6.17.1 Customer Transaction Records
Customer transaction records are maintained and kept for at least seven years, or such other time
period as required by applicable law.
6.17.2 Reports related to Prepaid Access
Cash App provides prepaid access through its stored value balance, and also offers prepaid
access in the form of the Cash App Card. All prepaid access providers must implement certain
record keeping requirements. To satisfy these requirements, Block maintains Cash App transaction
records generated in the ordinary course of business that would be needed to reconstruct prepaid
access activation, loads, reloads, purchases, withdrawals, transfers, or other prepaid-related
transactions.
6.17.3 Record keeping for Funds Transfers
FinCEN requires non-bank financial institutions to obtain and retain information relating to the
funds transmittal of $3,000 or more that are sent or received in any one transaction.
For every fund transfer covered by this requirement, Block will obtain and retain the following
information:
● Senderʼs name and address;
● Amount of the transmittal order;
● Execution date of the transmittal order;
● Any payment instructions received from the sender;
● Identity of the recipientʼs financial institution; and
● Any of the following items, if received with the transmittal order:
○ Name and address of the recipient;
○ Account number of the recipient;

○ Any other specific identifier of the recipient.
6.17.4 Travel Rule
The Travel Rule requires financial institutions that affect funds transmittals over $3,000 to provide
certain details to the receiving financial institution. Cash Appʼs digital currency transfer activity is
subject to this requirement, under the definition of funds transmittal. Block has developed
measures to maintain and transmit relevant information regarding crypto currency transactions that
satisfies certain state (see below) and federal regulations. The Travel Rule's application to
cryptocurrency transactions remains an area where additional regulatory clarity is still emerging.
As such, Block will continue to monitor and add controls as clarity becomes available.
Square Payroll is subject to the Travel Rule. Square Payroll transmits the following information to
receiving institutions for physical check transmittals:
● The senderʼs name, and if the payment is ordered from an account, the account number;
● The senderʼs address;
● The amount of the transmittal order;
● The execution date of the transmittal order;
● The name of the recipientʼs financial institution; and
● As many of the following items received with the transmittal order:
○ The name and address of the recipient;
○ The account number of the recipient;
○ Any other specific identifiers of the recipient;
○ Either the name and address or numerical identifier of the transmitterʼs financial
institution.
6.17.5 Records of Digital Currency Transactions
Given that Cash App permits customers to buy, sell, and transfer digital currencies, Block is
required to maintain a Virtual Currency License issued by the state of New York. In accordance
with this license, Block shall maintain the following information for all digital currency transactions
involving the payment, receipt, exchange, conversion, purchase, sale, transfer, or transmission of
digital currency:
● The method of payment;
● A description of the transaction;
● The date or dates on which the transaction was initiated and completed;
● The identity and physical addresses of the party or parties to the transaction that are
customers or account holders of Block and, to the extent practicable, any other parties to
the transaction; and
● The amount or value of the transaction, including in what denomination it was purchased,
sold, or transferred.
Block also maintains a program and procedures to address compliance requirements with the
Travel Rule that are relevant to Cash Appʼs digital currency business.

6.17.6 Training Records
Training records must be maintained and stored in order to demonstrate the implementation of the
Training Program. Records must be kept for a minimum period of seven years.
Training records include at a minimum:
● Training content and materials, including versions of training materials;
● Records of training completion; and
● Where applicable, records of training assessment.
7. AML Training and Awareness
In accordance with legal requirements, Block is responsible for the implementation of an AML/CFT
training program. The depth and content of the BSA/AML training depends on the degree of
responsibility each individual has for BSA/AML compliance. At a minimum, each iteration of the
BSA/AML Training shall provide details regarding this Standard and related Policy, including but not
limited to the requirement to file reports to FinCEN, penalties for noncompliance with BSA related
policies and legal requirements, and risks associated with money laundering and terrorist
financing.
To ensure that the content of the BSA/AML Training remains current, the BSA/AML Compliance
Officer stays abreast of developments in the BSA and other related matters and directs updates to
the BSA/AML Training, as appropriate.
The Training Program is based on four elements of: 1 Mandatory Enterprise-Wide Training, 2 Role
Specific Training, 3 Specialist Compliance Training, and 4 Board Training. Each element is
defined in further detail below.
7.1 Mandatory Enterprise-Wide Training
Blockʼs education and Training Program is the responsibility of the BSA/AML Compliance Officer or
their delegate. All Block employees and contractors receive BSA/AML training (“BSA/AML
Trainingˮ) at least once per calendar year. Enterprise-wide training assignments are managed
through Block's Learning Management System LMS. All employees and select contractors are
required to complete their assigned modules within specified enrollment windows. The LMS tracks
enrollment, progress and retains the documentation needed for compliance audits. The BSA/AML
Training is provided to each new employee and contractor within a reasonable timeframe after
their start date and thereafter each calendar year. The Enterprise BSA/AML training includes
bitcoin specific training.
7.2 Role-Specific Training
Additionally, Block may require role-specific AML/CFT training based on individual or team
responsibilities and their relevance to this Standard.

7.3 Specialist Compliance Training
Block Compliance Team members participate in a specialist compliance training program which
includes both professional and technical development. Additionally, professional membership for
the purpose of personal development of compliance professionals is encouraged by Block.
7.4 Board Training
The Board receives targeted AML/CFT training annually, inclusive of material changes and new
developments in the BSA and the federal financial agenciesʼ regulations from which they are
implemented.
8. Independent Testing and Review
Block's Internal Audit team conducts independent, periodic risk-based assessments on the overall
adequacy and effectiveness of this Standard. This independent evaluation is conducted in
accordance with Internal Audit standards and includes testing of compliance with all applicable
reporting, record keeping, and program requirements of the BSA as well as related policies,
standards, and applicable supporting procedures. Internal Audit retains individuals with the
knowledge and expertise to conduct a thorough and effective review.
Internal Audit updates ARC on the status and results of AML/BSA internal audits during their
scheduled committee meetings summarizing any findings and resultant management action plans.
Internal Audit also performs validation of any management action plan prior to acceptance of
closure. The Board places accountability on Senior Management to address any results from the
audit of the AML/CFT Program in an appropriate manner and to report on the status of any
remediation efforts on a regular basis.
9. Know Your Customer Program
Although there may be different obligations and expectations for certain Business Lines and
products, Block's KYC Program consists of a three-tier approach, starting with its Customer
Identification Program ("CIP") as the minimum standard for Covered Products.The level of KYC
varies depending on the level of potential AML/CFT risk presented. The three tiers which are
defined in the sections that follow are:
● Customer Identification Program (“CIPˮ);
● Customer Due Diligence (“CDDˮ); and
● Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDDˮ).
For certain product lines (e.g., Cash App), customers may maintain accounts with limited
functionality. These accounts are subject to product controls and limits, restricted functionality,
and cumulative lifetime transaction limits designed to mitigate risks where customers have not
successfully completed Identification & Verification processes.

Block also uses risk-based controls to conduct ongoing customer due diligence (“OCDDˮ) of
customers and their accounts. Refer to the section on “Ongoing Customer Due Diligenceˮ below.
9.1 Customer Identification Program
Block establishes standards for the collection of customer information Identity Collection) and
verification Identity Verification) using reliable and independent sources to reasonably establish
the identity of the customer.
Identity Collection refers to the collection of key information, which may be collected directly from
the customer or from third party sources.
Identity Verification refers to the verification of certain aspects of this information to reasonably
verify the identity of customers. Additional information may be collected for individual customers,
including Social Security Number which is used to support the identity verification process. Block
primarily relies on two methods for identity verification, depending on the circumstances:
documentary or non-documentary. Identities may also be verified through a combination of both
methods.
Further details are documented in Business Line KYC/CIP standards and procedures.
9.2 Lack of Verification
Block maintains procedures for circumstances where it cannot form a reasonable belief that it
knows the true identity of a customer for which identity verification is required. At a minimum,
these procedures describe:
● Circumstances in which Block should not open an account or should exit the relationship
with the customer;
● The terms under which a customer may use an account while Block attempts to verify the
customerʼs identity;
● When Block should close an account after attempts to verify a customerʼs identity have
failed; and
● When Block should file a suspicious activity report (“SARˮ) or similar applicable reports
with a bank partner.
9.3 Adequate Customer Notice
Block provides customers with adequate notice that Block is requesting information to verify their
identity. The notice must generally describe Blockʼs identification requirements and be provided in
a manner that is reasonably designed to allow a customer to view the notice or otherwise receive
the notice before the account is opened.

9.4 Discrepancy Management
Appropriate discrepancy management systems and processes are in place to deal with material
discrepancies in CIP, including arrangements such as triggers, escalations and reviews.
9.5 Customer Due Diligence
Including CIP, Customer Due Diligence involves the collection and risk based verification of
additional information from customers at onboarding, account setup, or on an ongoing basis.
Depending on the business line, CDD and EDD are triggered when a customer presents certain
signals of potential higher risk, based on the application of a Customer Risk Rating CRR or based
on manual escalation or referral through other processes.
9.6 Customer Risk Rating (“CRRˮ)
Block has adopted an automated CRR Program to assess and manage customer risk throughout
the account lifecycle. At the time of onboarding, all accounts are assigned an initial risk rating
(activation CRR as well as part of ongoing customer due diligence (continuous CRR. The CRR
Program applies, assigns and periodically updates risk ratings to customer accounts. The CRR
Program operates in conjunction with other due diligence processes (e.g., KYC, to ensure
risk-based compliance standards across Block's products and services.
9.7 Politically Exposed Person (“PEPˮ)
PEPs are often viewed as higher risk based on the potential risk that their funds may have derived
from or involve foreign corruption, bribery, terrorist financing, or money laundering. Immediate
family members or close associates of PEPs may pose a similar elevated risk as they may be used
to conceal misappropriated funds. Block employs a risk-based approach to PEP monitoring. Refer
to Business Line standards and procedures for further details.
PEPs are categorized and defined as:
● Domestic PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted domestically US with
prominent public functions;
● Foreign PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted with prominent public functions
by a foreign (non-US) country;
● International Organization PEPs: Individuals who are or have been entrusted with a
prominent function by an international organization;
● Family Member: Individuals who are related to a PEP either directly or through marriage or
similar (civil) forms of partnerships; or
● Close Associates: Individuals who are closely connected to a PEP, either socially or
professionally.
9.8 Adverse Media
Block recognizes that information external to Block may contribute to a customerʼs elevated level
of money laundering, terrorist financing, reputational, and financial crimes risk exposure. This

information can be uncovered through adverse media screening resources and third-party vendor
systems. Block employs a risk-based approach to adverse media monitoring. Refer to Business
LineL standards and procedures for further details.
9.9 Ongoing Customer Due Diligence (“OCDDˮ)
Block uses risk based controls (automated, manual, or a combination of both) to conduct ongoing
customer due diligence (“OCDDˮ) of customers and their accounts. The purpose of OCDD is to
regularly review customers' transactional activity as well as keeping customer information up to
date.
CRR will be used to trigger refresh methods to keep the customer information up-to-date, including
on a risk basis, requesting the customer to update profile information, triggering identity
re-verification, and/or prompting EDD.
9.10 Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDDˮ)
Some customers pose higher money laundering, terrorist financing, reputational, or other
crime-related risk. Block uses EDD measures and other controls to mitigate risk exposure
associated with high-risk accounts and relationships, to evaluate whether the relationship will be
retained, and to determine the measures required to appropriately manage the risk. Special
circumstances, including PEP status, reputational risk concerns, or other elevated risk factors
identified through review, may require EDD regardless of risk score. In these circumstances, EDD
measures may be leveraged at the discretion of Compliance Leadership.
Where applicable, EDD should be completed within a reasonable time after the customer has
onboarded onto the platform, and on an ongoing basis.
9.11 Documentation Refresh & Updated Verification
Identification documentation that was valid at the time of onboarding, or at the time that the
documentation was subsequently obtained, does not need to be updated upon expiration, except if
there has been a material (e.g. name) change to the KYC profile, there is a legal requirement to
obtain updated documentation upon expiration, or at the discretion of Block. When updated
identification documentation must be provided, the new document(s) must be valid and unexpired.
Additional information and documentation in the customer's KYC profile may require refresh during
the scheduled periodic review in accordance to the table below:
Customer Risk Rating2 Periodic Review Frequency
High Annually
Medium Every 3 years
Low Every 5 years
2 As determined by CRR Program or special circumstances described under 10.10 Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDD”)

During this review, if Block becomes aware or has reason to believe information is no longer
current or invalid, Block will attempt to update information through client outreach or by leveraging
open source information depending on the information believed to be no longer valid. Customer
information such as legal name and address should be confirmed as current and accurate. A
material change, such as a legal name change, will require a refresh of the customerʼs identity
verification through documentary methods and/or non-documentary methods or third party
sources, as appropriate.
The KYC refresh cadence is determined by the customerʼs assigned risk score, with high-risk
customers undergoing reviews on an annual basis, medium-risk customers every three years, and
low-risk customers every five years. For certain Business Line, alternative periodic review
cadences may be adopted based on their respective compliance frameworks and risk
considerations. As part of the refresh process, customers are required to confirm or update their
personal information, including legal name and address, and may provide updated identification
documentation if the previously provided documents have expired. If customers fail to meet the
KYC refresh requirements within the designated timeframes, accounts may be subject to
restrictions until compliance requirements are fulfilled.
Inactive accounts are required to undergo the KYC refresh process upon reactivation, including
verifying personal information and updating identification documentation if it has expired.
Noncompliance with these requirements may result in account restrictions.
9.12 Prohibited Customers
Block maintains lists of prohibited customers and attributes associated with customers, such as
phone number, device, and financial instrument, to ensure such customers are not permitted to
onboard or open an account with Block. Lists are maintained and updated on a regular basis to
ensure proper implementation of the KYC Program.
10. Compliance & Enforcement
10.1 Roles and Responsibilities
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Board of Directors of Block, Inc.: The Board is primarily responsible for ensuring that Block
establishes a comprehensive and effective program and an oversight framework that is
reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Board
is additionally responsible for:
○ Establishing an appropriate culture of BSA/AML compliance;
○ Overseeing the ongoing effectiveness of the BSA/AML program;

○ Ensuring that Senior Management is capable, qualified, and properly motivated to
manage the compliance risks arising from each relevant subsidiary or jurisdiction's
activities;and
○ Appointing a BSA/AML officer responsible for coordinating, monitoring, and
managing the operationalization of relevant programs.
● Senior Management: Senior Management, which includes key members of Block's
management team, is responsible for communicating and reinforcing the BSA/AML
compliance culture established by the Board. Additionally, they are responsible for
implementing and enforcing approved AML/CFT compliance policies and standards.
● BSA/AML Compliance Officer: The BSA/AML Compliance Officer is responsible for
coordinating and monitoring day-to-day BSA/AML compliance. Please refer to the section
on the BSA/AML Compliance Officer for further details.
● Compliance Leads or Leadership: Assist in coordinating, managing, and monitoring
Block's BSA/AML Program Standard and review the Standard and related documents
annually and upon any material change.
● Business Lines: Internal business teams are subject to the Standard based on the products
or services they develop, manage, and oversee. Business Lines ("BL") are responsible for
implementing, maintaining, and complying with Standard requirements.
● Internal Audit: Internal Audit is responsible for ensuring the company independently
assesses Block's adherence to this Standard and key legal requirements / expectations and
industry practices.
● Staff Members: Staff Members play a crucial role in the prevention, detection and
reporting of money laundering and terrorist financing violations. Staff Members are
responsible for paying particular attention to customer behavior or transactions that may
be unusual or warrant additional scrutiny, and must not knowingly provide advice or other
assistance to individuals who attempt to violate laws, regulations, or Block's related
policies, standards, or procedures.
10.2 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
10.3 Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Standard, provided the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable law.
Standard exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated

with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
record keeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
10.4 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
11. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard owner.
Review related documents:
● Anti-Money Laundering & Counter Terrorist Financing Policy | Block, Inc.
● Global Sanctions Policy | Block, Inc.
● Global Sanctions Program | Block, Inc.
12. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
John Alfano Head of Global Creation Review of former March 12, 2024
Policy & Block Inc BSA/AML
Governance Program Q4 2021.
Migrated and
reformatted into
new Block template.
Amelia Childress BSA/AML Material Approval March 12, 2024
Compliance Change
Officer Approval

Approver Title Type Description Date
Tyler Hand Block's Head of Material
Compliance Change
Approval
Compliance Material Material changes: August 12, 2025
Policy Committee change Key updates include
Approval addressing
compliance for
virtual currency
activities, new
obligations for
GTOs, and a new
section on
Continuing Activity
Reporting.
Expanded CRR
programs and
clarified KYC refresh
policy. Expanded
314(b) programs to
formalize
information-sharing
under the USA
PATRIOT Act,
alongside improved
SAR to address
emerging risks such
as terrorism
financing and cyber
threats.
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope US
Compliance Domain Anti-Financial Crimes
Document Owner Head of BSA/AML Program Office
Approved By BSA/AML Compliance Officer

Document Tier Tier 3