Financial Crimes Transaction Monitoring
Program
Square Australia
Last Approved: Mar 25, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 25, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: The Financial Crimes Transaction Monitoring Program TMP is a key
component of Square AU Pty Ltd's ("Square AU") Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism
Financing Program, designed to meet the obligations set out by the Australian Transaction Report
and Analysts Centre AUSTRAC.
The Financial Crime Transaction Monitoring Program for Square AU is overseen by the Square AU
CCO, who provides approval and ensures regulatory compliance. The AML/CTF Compliance
Officer is responsible for managing and updating the program when required, ensuring it adheres
to local regulatory requirements.
In accordance with Square AU Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Financing Program,
the TMP establishes methods to monitor, detect, and prevent possible money laundering, financial
crimes, terrorist financing and proliferation financing for Square AU's customer transactions in
Australia. The program is designed to identify, mitigate and manage money laundering, terrorism
financing and proliferation financing risks in compliance with AUSTRAC's requirements and the
AML/CTF Act. Its primary objective is to identify and report suspicious transactions, including but
not limited to those that deviate from a customer's normal behaviour, involve high-risk jurisdiction,
or trigger specific red-flag indicators.
Scope: This Program is established by Square AU Pty Ltd Square AU and applicable to Square
AU products and services, such as Square Point of Sale ("POS") and other financial products that
process transactions which are deemed to fall within the scope of this Program. It is implemented,
managed and maintained by the Square Australian AU Compliance team and sets out the
approach to design and execution Square AU's Transaction Monitoring program.
1

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Anti-Money Laundering Set of laws, regulations and procedures designed to detect and
("AML") deter money laundering, terrorist financing, and any other
financial crimes.
Counter-Terrorist Financing Set of laws, regulations and measures designed to detect,
("CTF") prevent and disrupt the flow of funds of terrorist organisations
and activities.
The Anti-Money Laundering As part of its broader regulatory compliance obligations, Square
and Counter-Terrorism AU Pty Ltd Square AU is required to comply with the
Financing Act 2006 Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act
("AML/CTF Act") 2006 Cth, as amended from time to time. The AML/CTF Act is
designed to deter, detect and disrupt money laundering and
terrorism financing.
AUSTRAC The Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre
('AUSTRAC') performs a dual role as AML and CTF regulator
and financial intelligence unit.
Transaction Monitoring The process of overseeing and analysing financial transactions
to detect suspicious or unusual activity that may indicate money
laundering, terrorism financing, or other illicit activities.
Suspicious Matter Report A report that a reporting entity must submit under AML/CTF Act
("SMR") if they have reasonable grounds to suspect that a transaction
may be related to money laundering, terrorism financing, tax
evasion, proceeds of crime or any other serious crimes under
Australian law. An SMR must also be submitted if the reporting
entity has reasonable grounds to suspect the customer or an
agent of the customer is not who they say they are.
Typology Assessment The assessment of Square's product conducive to automated
anti-money laundering Transaction Monitoring, mapping those
products to risk indicators, Transaction Monitoring rules, then
conducting a gap assessment to determine whether those
products are covered by a Transaction Monitoring rule (also
called "Coverage Assessment".
Service Level Agreements Defines the expected review period for cases and other
("SLA") responsibilities of the Compliance Australia Analysts working on
Transaction Monitoring queues.
2

Terminology Definition
Quality Assurance The quality assurance process of reviewing decisions made by
an analyst during TM reviews by a Quality analyst.
Regulator A proprietary tool which houses all customer data and
transactions, to perform monitoring of customer transactions
across all Square products.
Square Point of Sale ("POS") Square's payment processing system offered to merchants.
AML/CTF & Sanction Risk Systematic process for identifying and measuring the risks
Assessment which could jeopardise an organisation's objects, as well as the
effectiveness of the control environment established to mitigate
those risks.
2. Program Requirements
The Transaction Monitoring program is designed and maintained based on the annual AML/CTF &
Sanction Risk Assessment conducted by Compliance Governance and Reporting AML/CTF &
Sanctions Risk Assessment Team CGRRA. This program undergoes an annual review to assess
its effectiveness, address any significant findings, and implement necessary improvements.
Additional reviews may be conducted following events such as identified issues or significant
regulatory changes. In addition, the program is subject to regular testing and independent auditing
to evaluate its performance, accuracy, and compliance with AUSTRAC requirements.
This program also outlines the compliance controls that are used for the evaluation and
management of Square's program as it relates to money laundering, terrorist financing,
proliferation financing and financial crime related risk, as well as how to identify suspicious
customer transactions.
These controls include, but are not limited to:
● Coverage Assessments;
● Model Governance and Monitoring; and
● Transaction Monitoring Alert Review Procedures and Processes.
2.1 Coverage Assessments
Square conducts annual Anti-Money Laundering AML and Transaction Monitoring TM Risk
Coverage Assessments. These assessments, known as Typology Assessments, help identify any
gaps and inform the design of the program.
At a high level, these assessments involve identifying key inputs, compiling risk indicators and
regulatory requirements, aligned to covered markets and products. The assessments include
reviewing documentation, conducting Subject Matter Expert SME interviews, and assessing
3

current manual and automated monitoring controls. A coverage analysis is performed to identify
gaps ensuring comprehensive risk coverage and regulatory compliance.
The Square AU Compliance team is involved in the coverage assessment process across all
phases, with involvement from the Square AU CCO, AML/CTF Compliance Officer, Compliance AU
Program Manager and Square APAC Transaction Monitoring Lead. These phases include the
creation of documentation, gathering and finalising risk rating, drafting, and approving
management action plans.
2.2 Model Governance and Queue Parameters
Square utilises various proprietary algorithms to create cases for the Compliance analysts to
review. The creation, review and governance of these models is covered by the Block | Model
Governance Policy and Block | Model Change Management Procedure. These include automated
case queues and periodic or manual reports for review.
Models cover multiple typologies to detect anomalous activity as outlined in the Coverage
Assessment, including, but not limited to:
● Structuring;
● Profiling;
● Velocity;
● Lack of Economic Purpose;
● Patterning;
● High Risk Geography; and
● Funnelling.
Square AU's Transaction Monitoring queues are established and maintained by the Compliance
Engineering & Technology team. This team will evaluate effectiveness of the alerts generated by
queues (i.e. productivity) and make recommendations for tuning the models, adding further
models or changing existing models. Detailed rules of Square AU's Transaction Monitoring queues
are maintained in Square | AU TM Rulebook. Any new models or recommended changes to the
existing models are reviewed and approved in accordance with the Block | Model Change
Management Procedure.
To ensure oversight of the Transaction Monitoring queues, Square has implemented change
management and model validation policies, managed and executed by the Compliance Engineering
& Technology team, in accordance with the Block | Model Change Management Procedure.. Any
changes applicable to Square AU must be approved by both the AU Compliance Program Approver
and the AU Compliance Operations Approver, ensuring continued local oversight.
2.3 Transaction Monitoring Alert Review Procedures and Processes
The Analyst reviews alerts based on written procedures that are routinely reviewed and updated.
In general, the investigation of a case follows the steps outlined below:
1. The Analyst claims a new alert case in Regulator and notes the typologies, alert type, and
product; and
4

2. The Analyst reviews customer information in conjunction with account activity, web
presence, and potentially adverse media in order to make a determination of an appropriate
case action.
Following that, the analyst can take one of the following actions:
● Clear: Account activity represents typical product use with no adverse or potentially
unusual activity identified;
● Clear and escalate: Account activity represents typical product use with no adverse or
unusual activity identified, however potential terms of service violations or sanctions
concerns exist and require an escalation in a timely manner to relevant queues;
● Escalate to ECDD team for an ECDD review when:
○ The merchant has no apparent economic or legal purpose; or
○ The merchant has made unusually complex or large transactions; or
○ Would involve an unusual pattern of transactions;
● Request for more information: In instances where The Analyst is not able to confidently
take a “clearˮ or “deactivationˮ action type, the Analyst may request more information from
the merchant. Once this information is received from the merchant, the Analyst will
re-evaluate the case with the additional context in order to action the case.
● Deactivate: If account activity violates our terms without indicating any involvement in
money laundering, terrorist financing or proliferation financing, the merchantʼs account will
be deactivated with no further action required.
● Deactivate and Escalate: Account activity appears unusual and does not represent typical
product use. The merchant account will be deactivated and escalated to the Compliance
Investigation queue in a timely manner for further investigation and potential reporting to
AUSTRAC.
2.4 Systems
The Square AU Compliance Team uses a Case Management solution called Regulator. Third party
vendor tools are used to supplement reviews and include, but are not limited to, Legit Script. Some
of these tools are integrated within Regulator.
2.5 Training
Square AU ensures that the Analysts working on Transaction Monitoring cases are fully trained in
the procedures and appropriate steps to investigate and provide rationale for reviewing alerts
through a combination of new hire, on the job and ad hoc continuous training, according to Square
| Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Risk Awareness Training Program.
2.6 Quality Assurance
The Square Compliance Quality Team is a separate team from the Square AU Compliance Team
that exercises quality assurance by reviewing decisions made by the analysts during Transaction
Monitoring reviews. The Square Compliance Quality Team reports the results of the reviews to
individual team members, their leads and senior management.
5

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● Square Australia AU Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ): Acts as the designated Senior
Manager for approvals required under the AML and CTF Act and Rules, including approving
the AML & CTF Risk Awareness Training Program and any material updates to it.
●
● Square AU Regulatory Program Manger: Acts as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to
oversee and coordinate the operational functions of the AML & CTF Risk Awareness
Training Program in compliance with local regulatory requirements, ensures that all due
diligence processes, including onboarding, screening, and ongoing checks, are
implemented effectively and consistently, and is responsible for reporting.
● Compliance AU Operations Lead: Manages the operational team responsible for reviewing
compliance alerts; provides guidance, training and acts as an escalation point in addition to
managing SLAs.
● Compliance AU Analyst (“The Analystˮ): Monitors and acts upon Transaction Monitoring
alerts, including reviewing and escalating potentially suspicious activity accordingly.
● Square Compliance Quality Assurance Team:
Performs quality assurance by reviewing decisions made by analysts during Transaction
Monitoring reviews; provides feedback on decision-making, observations, and insights into
trends, processes, and procedures; highlights opportunities for consistency and efficiency;
and reports the results of the reviews to individual team members, their leads and senior
management and supports regulatory and audit requirements.
● Compliance Engineering & Technology Team: Designs and maintains Square's
Transaction Monitoring machine-learning, heuristics and other manual methodologies and
generates alerts for TM team to review, in line with the Model Governance Policy and
Model Change Management Process.
● Square AU's Board ("Board"):Responsible for providing governance and oversight by
ensuring the company implements an effective AML/CTF program, manages risks, and
complies with reporting obligations.
● Compliance Governance and Reporting AML/CTF & Sanction Risk Assessment Team
CGRRA Responsible for managing and conducting the AML/CTF & Sanctions Risk
Assessment process.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the AML/CTF Compliance office and/or their designee will monitor and track
the overall health of Square AUʼs Transaction Monitoring program, Square AU uses reports
generated using Looker, a business intelligence tool to:
● Monitor alert volumes and SLA performance;
● Undertake management review reports;
● Calculate capacity needs through alert forecasts and models
● Track Quality Assurance scores
6

● These Key Performance Indicators (“KPIˮ), are tracked for individual Compliance AU
Analysts.
Effective oversight of the Transaction Monitoring Program is crucial to ensure its ongoing integrity
and compliance with regulatory obligations. Square AUʼs AML/CTF Compliance Officer is
responsible for providing regular updates to Square AUʼs Board through comprehensive reports,
which detail key metrics such as the number of Suspicious Matter Reports SMRs filed, trends
identified in Transaction Monitoring, and emerging risks.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws
and regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee
will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Program, please contact the Program Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block | Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorist Financing Policy
● Block | Model Governance Policy
● Square | Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Financing Program
● Square | Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Risk Awareness Training Program
● Block | Model Change Management Procedure
● Square | AU TM Rulebook
7

5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Jing Wang Compliance AU Creation Initial draft Sep 11, 2024
Program
Manager
Lance Howard AU Compliance Initial Approval Initial approval Sep 27, 2024
Lead
Jing Wang Square AU Scheduled Annual review of Mar 24, 2026
Regulatory Review document
Program
Manager Update
escalation
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Material Change requirement Mar 25, 2026
Approval following
AML/CTF reform
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional - AU
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Square AU Regulatory Program Manager
Approved By Compliance Lead - AU
Document Tier Tier 2
8