Risk and Compliance Adverse Actions Policy
Cash App
Last Approved: Feb 4, 2026
Effective Date: Feb 4, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Risk and Compliance Adverse Actions Policy ("Policy") outlines
Cash App's approach to actioning accounts and customers that violate Cash App's Terms of
Service (herein referred to as "platform violations"), internal policies, or engage in suspicious or
illegal activity (together, referred to as "prohibited activity"). This framework is designed to ensure
Cash App has reasonable measures and appropriate methods to manage accounts and customers
who present higher risk to Cash App, and to ultimately mitigate and manage the risks associated
with potential money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud and other financial crimes in line with its
BSA/AML and CTF obligations. The BSA/AML Program Office Lead is responsible for management
of this Policy.
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose
of this Policy is to establish a holistic set of standards and requirements for which Cash App
operates as it pertains to offboarding and/or putting certain limitations on customers and accounts.
Scope: The scope of this Policy includes Risk and Compliance teams and processes that take
action to accounts and customers on Cash App.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Adverse Action Controls in place to limit customer access to Cash App as a result
of prohibited activity.
Account The structure that is used by Cash App customers to log in,
manage their personal information, and send or receive money or
engage in other transactions.

Terminology Definition
Customer A person that opens an account and receives Cash App products
and services, or a person opening a new account for someone
who lacks the legal capacity.
Denylisting Accounts The process by which Cash App accounts are prevented from
continued use, with the exception of liquidating assets and
withdrawing funds after a determination or suspicion of
involvement in prohibited, fraudulent or illegal activity on Cash
App.
Denylist Propagation The act of denylisting more than one account or identity-based
asset with the intention of offboarding all accounts and assets
linked to the account of a perpetrator of bad activity.
Employee Identification A list of EINs updated and maintained by Compliance. Once an EIN
Number EIN Denylist is added to the EIN denylist, that prevents a business using that
same EIN from successfully passing Know Your Business KYB in
the future.
Identity Based Assets An alias or attribute that a customer links to an account that may
be associated with an identity (i.e., social security number, phone
number, email address, financial instrument, device).
Financial Instrument Linked external debit, prepaid, credit card and bank account
Identity Verification The process of verifying a customer's identity, which may be
("IDV") triggered by a number of actions including but not limited to
ordering a Cash Card, exceeding peer-to-peer sending and
receiving limits, buying bitcoin or enabling bitcoin withdrawals and
deposits, signing up for a Cash App Investing account, and
sending from a stored balance
Cash App Card Refers to the deactivation of a customer's Cash App Card and all
Termination associated services, including the direct deposit feature. This
ensures that the card cannot be reactivated or used for any future
transactions.
Risk Suspension A degraded customer experience state where certain features of
Cash App are unavailable to the account until the customer or
Cash App takes a particular action. Applied when certain risky
customer behaviours are detected.

Terminology Definition
Suspicious Activity Report A document that financial institutions file with the Financial Crimes
("SAR") Enforcement Network FinCEN to report suspected violations of
law or suspicious activity
Sponsor Account A parent or guardian of a teen on Cash App. All Sponsors have
successfully passed IDV.
Sponsored Account Accounts operated by individuals between the age of 1317 years
old that require authorization and sponsorship from their parent or
guardian
Sponsorship Strike A negative indicator based on the 1 and 2 strike policy applicable
to a Sponsor Account's SSN if one of the accounts they've
sponsored has been actioned (e.g. denylisted)
Sponsorship Warning A notification sent to a Sponsor Account when a Sponsored
Account has been denylisted to notify the Sponsor of the Adverse
Action taken
2. Policy Requirements
2.1 Adverse Actions
Cash App is responsible for establishing the appropriate processes, criteria and corresponding
action on accounts and customers upon the detection or suspicion of prohibited activity on Cash
App. In general, these processes and criteria are designed to be commensurate with the customer
and account's activity, and take into account factors such as length of the customer relationship,
number of counterparties involved, and the overall risk associated with the customer, to the extent
that such decisions do not conflict with applicable law. Cash App offboards accounts and
relationships with customers who it identifies to be engaging in prohibited activity. Cash App also
maintains processes and controls to prevent the re-onboarding of customers previously
denylisted.

2.2 Monitoring & Decision Making
Prohibited relationships and activity are determined and driven by the Cash App Terms of Service,
internal policy, risk assessments, partnership requirements, and applicable regulations. The Risk
and Compliance teams have established monitoring to ensure prohibited customer accounts and
relationships do not persist on Cash App. Additionally, Risk and Compliance teams maintain
relevant procedures to ensure consistent application of the framework described in this Policy.
When determining whether a customer account or relationship should be exited, a comprehensive
and holistic review of the account and relationship specific behavior is conducted. Reputational
risk exposure and overall business impact may also be considered when determining if an account
or relationship should be exited.
2.2.1 Assessing Customer Risk
Customer denylist decisions are to be determined based on the holistic risk exposure posed to
Cash App and reputational risk exposure. Input from the Brand and Reputational Risk Committee
may be sought prior to a final decision to retain a high risk relationship. Additionally, the overall
impact of the customer's relationship to the business will be assessed ahead of a determination to
exit a relationship. Enhanced due diligence may be leveraged to mitigate risk exposure; however, if
the risk exposure of the relationship exceeds Cash App's risk tolerance, the relationship will be
exited. Any customer relationship that is subject to Adverse Action will involve a review that
considers some or all of the aforementioned factors.
2.3 Account Denylisting
Account denylisting is executed when an account is found to be engaging in activity that violates
Cash Appʼs Terms of Service (including, without limitation engaging in fraudulent activity) or
internal policies (collectively referred to as “bad activityˮ herein). The action may happen either
manually or automatically, and revokes all account functionality, with the exception of:
● Logging in
● Contacting customer support
● Accessing account statements
● Selling or transferring stocks
● Selling bitcoin
● Paying back loans (check only)
● Linking a financial instrument
● Receiving pending direct deposits and check deposits
● Withdrawing available fiat funds to a linked financial instrument
Once an account is denylisted, if applicable, the customerʼs corresponding account with Marqeta
is also closed, which deactivates their Cash App Card and prevents any future direct deposits.
Account level denylisting is executed by Compliance and Risk, while the denylisting service and
underlying technology is managed by Trust (“Safeguardsˮ). The technological service is
“guardrailsˮ.

2.3.1 Manual Account Denylisting
In general, account level denylisting happens manually, when Compliance or Risk Specialists review an
account that has alerted (e.g., due to triggering a Risk or Compliance machine learning model or
heuristic) and the Specialist suspects bad activity1. In the context of this Policy, the definition of
“suspectsˮ is - once the Specialist has conducted a thorough review of the account and activity, and
has determined based on the underlying procedures that the activity warrants a denylist. Specialists
may also escalate the account to the Financial Crimes program for further investigation and actioning
(as determined by applicable procedures).
2.3.2 Automated Account Denylisting
Account denylisting may also happen automatically. When applied automatically, Cash App has a
high degree of confidence in the existence of bad activity on the account. Typically, account
denylisting happens automatically either when Cash App has identified an account (or group of
accounts) through a high precision model or heuristic rule that is designed to detect certain types
of bad activity, as part of a remediation effort (e.g., denylisting a population of networked fraud
with various bad actors), or during an automated account denylist propagation. Automated
account denylist propagation occurs when Cash App has a high degree of confidence that
accounts connected to a confirmed bad actor are operated by the same individual due to their
shared account attributes, such as social security number SSN, device, and more (see more in
the ‘Customer Denylistʼ section below for more details).
2.3.4 Account Denylist Reasons
Account denylisting may happen for a variety of reasons across Risk and Compliance. In general, a
denylist may be categorized into one (or more) of the following categories:
● Financial Crime & Abuse (e.g., Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing, and Securities Law
Violations)
● Fraud & Identity Abuse (e.g., Identity Theft, Account Takeovers, Scams, Inauthentic
Account Activity, and Chargeback Abuse)
● Exploitation & Human Rights Violations (e.g., Human Trafficking, CSAM, Elder Financial
Exploitation, Adult Services)
● Prohibited Business Activities (e.g., Gambling, Unlicensed Financial Services, Weapons,
Unauthorized Pharmaceuticals)
● Regulatory & Legal Compliance (e.g., Sanctions Violations, Unlicensed Money Service
Business, Securities Law Violations)
● Platform Integrity & Safety (e.g., Hate-Related Activities, Reputational Risk, Illicit Prison
Activity)
1 In some cases, Risk and Compliance Specialists may review an account and identify unusual activity, which may lead to a
referral to Financial Crimes for further review and action.

Considering Participants and Facilitators
Cash App offers customers the ability to send and receive peer-to-peer P2P payments, which
allows two accounts to send and receive funds between each other, funded by a linked
financial instrument or Cash App balance. As part of its investigations, Cash App must consider
how it treats the sender and recipient in the context of prohibited or otherwise illegal activity.
Cash App does not support the facilitation of any illegal or prohibited activity on its platform.
For instance, in the context of P2P payments, a “receiverˮ of a payment may be suspected of
selling or distributing illegal content or substance, providing prohibited services to other Cash
App customers, or otherwise receiving payments for prohibited or illegal activity. In these
cases, Cash App denylists the account, any other account suspected to be operated by that
individual, as well as the identity-based assets associated with that individual (phone number,
email address, financial instrument, SSN and device) to prevent that customer from returning to
Cash App.
Similarly, Cash App must consider the risks of the senders in P2P transactions, or in some
cases, the “buyerˮ of prohibited or otherwise illegal activity. As part of this assessment, Cash
App evaluates the account and its activity holistically, evaluating the underlying risk associated
with their transactions, as well as other factors such as the pervasiveness of such activity
relative to the rest of their account activity. As part of this evaluation, Cash App also evaluates
whether or not the sender is colluding with the receiver, or is otherwise intending to disguise
the original source of the funds.
2.4 Customer Denylisting
Cash App may terminate its relationship at the customer level, to prevent that individual from
returning to Cash App in the future. Customer denylisting is determined by Risk & Compliance
procedures which are designed to be commensurate with the observed activity. Terminating
relationships at the customer level is critical to ensure that Cash App no longer maintains a
relationship with individuals who have perpetrated fraud, prohibited or otherwise illegal activity on
its platform. In general, this involves denylisting the Social Security number SSN of the bad actor,
identity-based assets associated with the accounts (i.e., phone number, email address, device,
financial instrument(s)), accounts that share the same SSN Unrestricted Accounts), and in the
case of Restricted accounts, Cash App evaluates accounts that share certain device signals to
determine if the accounts belong to the same individual.
Risks of Identity Theft to Customer Denylists
When denylisting a customerʼs accounts connected by SSN, it is critical that Cash App consider
the risks and implications associated with stolen identities and the impact it may have on victims
of identity theft. As such, Cash App must maintain Standards and Procedures to reasonably
identify instances when bad activity is perpetrated by a bad actor using a stolen identity, and
factoring in the impact denylisting accounts connected by SSN may have on a victim of identity
theft. To manage this risk, Cash App uses available data to determine whether or not the
perpetrator is the owner of the identity of the account, or if it is stolen and being used for illicit
purposes. In cases where there is more than one account connected by SSN, Cash App
considers available data and connections between accounts other than SSN, such as shared
device, phone number, email address, financial instrument(s), peer-to-peer counterparties and

Cash App Card shipping address(es) to form a reasonable understanding as to the connection
between the accounts.
If the SSN is confirmed to be stolen, Cash App should avoid negatively impacting the victim of
identity theft by not terminating the victimʼs account(s).
2.4.1 Recidivism
Cash App prevents bad actors from returning to its platform by denylisting identity-based assets
associated with a bad actorʼs account. In general, when Cash App denylists an account due to
suspected bad activity, it also propagates the denylist to the connected device, phone number,
email address and financial instrument(s) (either automatically or manually). SSNs are manually
added to the SSN denylist by Compliance. The denylist applies to the phone number for 270 days,
while the denylist of the SSN, email address, device and financial instrument is in perpetuity.
2.4.2 Restricted Accounts
When denylisting Restricted Accounts, Cash App evaluates other Restricted Accounts that share
certain device signals (or other signals in accordance with relevant procedures). As such, if those
other accounts connected by device (or other signals) are also partaking in bad activity and can
also be attributed to the same person, those other Restricted Accounts are also denylisted.
2.4.3 Single Account Model SAM
Cash App considers all accounts connected by a “single accountholderˮ to be the same customer.
As such, when Cash App denylists an account and they are connected to one or more accounts by
a single accountholder, all accounts in the accountholder are automatically denylisted2.
Additionally, all connected identity-based assets (phone number, email address, device, financial
instrument, SSN are also denylisted.
2.4.4 Sponsors and Sponsored Accounts
When Cash App denylists a Sponsor of one or more teen accounts, the sponsorship is suspended;
the Sponsored account is placed into a restricted minor status which prevents the Sponsored
account from any money movement apart from selling assets or withdrawing funds; and the teen is
required to successfully obtain a new Sponsor before continuing to transact on Cash App.
When Cash App denylists a Sponsored account, Cash App manually reviews the Sponsorʼs activity
to determine the Sponsorʼs involvement in the bad activity. If it is determined that the Sponsor is
not involved in the teenʼs activity, the Sponsor is not denylisted, but is issued a warning (“strikeˮ). If
another one of a Sponsored accounts is denylisted, the Sponsor is no longer able to sponsor any
teens in the future.
2 An exception for this account denylist propagation is when the denylist happens due to a customer attempting to create
their sixth monthly active account. In these cases, Cash App denylists the account and the SSN, but does not propagate
such denylist to other accounts or assets within the accountholder.

2.5 SSN / EIN Denylisting
SSN and EIN denylisting is a key control Cash App maintains to prevent bad actors from returning
to the platform. The process involves Cash Appʼs Compliance Operations team putting an SSN or
EIN on a denylist, which prevents any new account in the future from using that same SSN or EIN
during IDV or KYB respectively. If that same SSN or EIN is identified during IDV or KYB, Cash App
prevents the customer from successfully completing verification and their account is automatically
denylisted. Cash App uses the SSN denylist in other instances, such as when it identifies a
deceased identity (either going through IDV or having already gone through IDV and when a
customer attempts to go through IDV when that customer maintains five active Cash App
accounts; adding the SSN to the SSN denylist prevents the re-use of that SSN and mitigates the
risk of identity theft.
Risks of Identity Theft to SSN / EIN Denylisting
When denylisting a customerʼs SSN or EIN, it is critical that Cash App consider the risks and
implications associated with stolen identities and the impact it may have on victims of identity
theft. As such, Cash App must maintain Standards and Procedures to reasonably identify
instances when bad activity is perpetrated by a bad actor using a stolen identity, and factoring in
the impact denylisting the SSN or EIN may have on a victim of identity theft in the future. To
manage this risk, Cash App uses available data to determine whether or not the perpetrator is the
owner of the identity of the account, or if it is stolen and being used for illicit purposes. Prior to
putting an SSN on the SSN denylist, Cash App evaluates certain data associated with the
account to determine if the identity has been stolen. This may include alias mismatches, unusual
account access, unusual device attributes, and mismatching payment sources.
If the SSN is confirmed to be stolen, Cash App should avoid negatively impacting the victim of
identity theft in future IDV attempts, while still protecting the victim of identity theft. To achieve
this, Cash App still adds the SSN or EIN to the denylist, however, maintains processes for
step-up identity verification methods in the future should that same SSN or EIN be used in future
IDV attempts.
2.6 Keep Open Letters
Cash App maintains internal controls related to Keep Open Letters KOL in alignment with FinCEN
guidance on requests by law enforcement to keep accounts open. The Intelligence Analysis Unit
IAU reviews the written request and verifies that all required fields have been completed before
adhering to the request. Additionally, IAU is responsible for monitoring the length of time that has
passed in alignment with the Keep Open Letter and will appropriately action the account in
accordance with the findings of the investigators after the official request has expired.

2.7 Teams involved
The primary team responsible for adding SSNs and EINs to the denylist is the Cash App
Compliance Operations team. This team manually adds this information to the denylist as part of
their investigative procedures.
2.8 Denylist Propagation Chart
The Denylist Propagation Chart below details controls that may be applied in response to a denylist
and / or SAR Filing.
Type Denylist Propagation
1 SSN/ EIN (if applicable) When Compliance denylists an Unrestricted
account and files a SAR, the SSN or EIN is also
denylisted, which results in any future account
attempting IDV with that same SSN or EIN getting
automatically denylisted during IDV.
2 Financial Instrument When Compliance denylists an account and files
a SAR, all associated linked financial instruments
are automatically blocked from being linked to
any new accounts in the future indefinitely.
3 Device When Compliance denylists and files a SAR,
devices associated with the account are
automatically blocked from signing up for a new
account for 270 days.
When Compliance denylists an account and files
a SAR, any mobile devices used to access the
denylisted account within the last year will be
device denylisted.
4 Phone Number When Compliance denylists an account and files
a SAR, currently linked phone numbers will be
prevented from re-linking to a new account for
270 days.
5 Email Address When Compliance or Risk denylists an account,
all currently linked email addresses will be

Type Denylist Propagation
prevented from re-linking to a new account
indefinitely.
2.9 Customer Account Reinstatement
Cash App has established a denylist appeals process to allow customers who have had a denylist
adversity placed on their account to appeal such decision. The appeals process, governed by the
Risk and Compliance Adverse Actions Policy, is managed by both Risk and Compliance teams, and
is routed to the appropriate team based on the original denylist reason. The teams maintain an SLA
of 10 business days. Customers are able to appeal the denylist of an account, as well as the
denylist of an identity-based asset SSN, phone number, email address, financial instrument and
device). Customers are able to initiate their appeal by contacting customer support through phone,
email or chat. As part of the appeals process, Specialists conduct a holistic review of the accountʼs
activity, including transactions, and strive to understand the original denylist reason, as well as
whether or not such decision was valid. In general, Cash App intakes and reviews all appeal
requests, regardless of the original denylist decision, however, customers may not appeal the
same denylist decision more than once. If the appeal is successful, the denylist (as well as any
other adversity) is lifted.
2.9.1 Ensuring Customer Access to Funds
For denylisted customers who do not liquidate and transfer their funds out of their account(s),
Cash App is required to escheat funds to the proper state, where the state requires liquidation.
2.9.2 Quality Assurance QA / Quality Control QC
To ensure Cash App maintains a high rate of precision in its denylist decisions, QA and QC
processes are established to provide periodic oversight and review of denylist decisions and
outcomes. In general, the process maintains relative independence to ensure the reviews do not
bias towards the original decisions that were made. Additionally, Cash App ensures no perverse
incentives exist by QA / QC teams to ensure the highest quality reviews possible. Results of QA /
QC are regularly reported to management. Weaknesses observed in quality result in an
investigation into procedures and training.
2.10 Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices ("UDAAP")
2.10.1 Notification of Restriction
In accordance with the Cash App Terms of Service, Cash App may terminate or suspend an
account, any associated account, or access to any service, at any time for any reason, including a
violation of the terms of service, and may add or remove, suspend, stop, delete, discontinue, or
impose conditions on services or any feature or aspect of a service. Cash App will take reasonable

steps to provide notification of termination or other types of service changes using available
communication channels, which may include in-app messaging, email, SMS, or push notification.
Cash App must provide customers with a written explanation within 24 hours of freezing,
suspending, locking, closing, or otherwise restricting access to or limiting the functionality of a
Cash App account to the extent legally permissible. Unless prohibited by law enforcement, this
communication must include:
● The reason the account was restricted,
● The procedure for appealing the decision, and
● If applicable (i.e., if funds are not frozen), whether and how the customer can transfer their
funds out of Cash App.
Such communication must not contain any information that “tips offˮ the customer regarding any
potential or actual SAR investigation or filing. The specific channels used to deliver this
information—such as email, SMS, push notification, or in-app messaging—may vary depending on
the nature of the restriction, customer attributes, and implementation method. However, all account
restriction flows must include a communication plan that meets the above content and timing
requirements.
2.10.2 Non-Discrimination
Cash App may never exit customer relationships based on discrimination of a protected class,
such as the customer's race, color, religion or national origin.
2.11 Document Management
Document Owner
This document is owned by the Head of Financial Crimes or their designee.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● Compliance:
○ Provides oversight and guidance to Business Lines in implementing the
requirements of this Policy.
● Risk Machine Learning:
○ Builds machine learning models and systems that may place an adversity on a
customerʼs account or assets, which may lead to a denylist action being taken
(either manually or automatically).
● Risk Operations:
○ Maintains a team of dedicated Specialists who review accounts due to certain
higher-risk activity (i.e., alerts and cases), which may result in a denylist action
being taken (as well as an escalation to the Financial Crimes team as applicable).

● Compliance Operations:
○ Reviews accounts and customer profile and associated transactions that may result
in a determination of a terms of service violation, or high-risk behavior (e.g. KYC
concern) which may result in denylisting, referral to another department, and filing
SARs, as applicable.
● Legal Counsel:
○ Provides interpretive advice and counsel regarding the applicability of the
requirements of this Policy and relevant legal obligations to the Companyʼs
business and operational activities.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
3.3 Denylist Training
Training on denylisting is delivered to Risk and Compliance teams on a periodic basis, and is
designed to ensure Specialists are well resourced to execute their function appropriately. Training
consists of electronic learning modules as well as live learning sessions. Lessons learned from
QA/QC are continuously fed into training, which ensures appropriate feedback loops between
quality management and the procedures.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and

regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Cash App Transaction Monitoring and Suspicious Activity Reporting Adverse Actions
Procedure
● Cash App Terms of Service
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Sonakshi Nayyar Cash PMO Lead Creation Mar 17, 2023
Adrian Gardner Cash App Head Creation Mar 17, 2023
of Customer
Onboarding &
Management

Megan Gonzales Cash App Head Creation Mar 17, 2023
of Financial
Crimes
Sandy Zanaty Global Creation V1 created based Mar 17, 2023
Compliance on the original
Policy Manager Adverse Actions
Policy and
shared with the
working group.
Content
modification led
by Sonakshi,
Adrian, and
Megan.
Tyler Hand Cash App Head Initial Approval Jun 13, 2023
of Compliance
Sydney Nam Block Policy Immaterial Oct 16, 2023
Governance Change Approval
Coordinator
Adrian Gardner Cash App Head Material Change Update to new Sep 30, 2024
of Customer Approval template ;
Onboarding & modification and
Management expansion of
Adverse Actions
available
Megan Gonzales Cash App Head Material Change Update to new Aug 20, 2024
of Financial Approval template ;
Crimes modification and
expansion of
Adverse Actions
available
Jason Liberman Cash App Head Material Change Update to new Oct 29, 2024
of Product Approval template ;
Compliance modification and
expansion of

Adverse Actions
available
Adrian Gardner Cash App Head Material Change Update to Nov 8, 2024
of Customer Approval Denylist
Onboarding & Propagation from
Management a Tier 1 and Tier
2 strategy to a
streamlined
single tier
Megan Gonzales Cash App Head Material Change Update to Nov 11, 2024
of Financial Approval Denylist
Crimes Propagation from
a Tier 1 and Tier
2 strategy to a
streamlined
single tier
Jason Liberman Cash App Head Material Change Update to Nov 8, 2024
of Product Approval Denylist
Compliance Propagation from
a Tier 1 and Tier
2 strategy to a
streamlined
single tier
Compliance Compliance Scheduled … Updates to October 3, 2025
Policy Committee Policy Committee definitions,
adverse actions
chart,
clarification on
notifications,
noting
established
denylist appeals
process as well
as other
immaterial
updates for
clarity

Kevin Turnbull Financial Crime Immaterial … Removed February 4, 2026
Policy & Advisory section 2.1.1
"Adverse Actions
Chart" and
section 2.3.3
"Account
Denylist
Communications
" - to avoid over
prescription.
Modified the
name of section
2.10.1
"Notification of
Termination" to
"Notification of
Restriction" - to
remove
duplication and
unintended
misinterpretation
.
The standard still
sets forth
expectations for
active user
notifications and
communications,
as well as
ensuring there is
robust
documentation
from a controls
perspective.
Updated the
current language
in section 2.4.4
"Sponsors and
Sponsored
Accounts" - to
clarify the spirit
and intent of who
should be deny
listed and when.
Document Details:
Business Cash App
Scope United States

Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Financial Crimes Regulatory & Execution
Document Owner
Oversight, Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier
Tier 2