AML/CTF Program
Part B - Customer
Identification and
Verification
Afterpay | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited
16 June 2025

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 2

Confidential
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Overview 7
3. Customer Identification and Verification Procedures 7
3.1 Timing of Customer identification and verification 7
3.2 Customer types 7
3.3 Customers that cannot provide satisfactory evidence of identity 7
4. Verification Methods 8
4.1 Verification from electronic data 8
4.2 Verification from documentation 9
4.3 Support by external service provider 9
5. Collection and Verification of Additional KYC Information 9
6. Politically Exposed Persons 10
6.1 Customer is a PEP 10
7. Discrepancy Management 11
SCHEDULE 1 - ACIP Individual 12
Individual Customer (Medium or Low ML/TF Customer risk) 12
Individual Customer (High ML/TF Customer risk) 12
SCHEDULE 2 - Electronic Verification 13
SCHEDULE 3 - Approved Databases 14
8. Document Management 16
8.1 Document Owner 16
8.2 Review and Approval 16
8.3 Exceptions 16
8.4 Related Documents 16
8.5 Revision & Approval History 16
8.6 Document Details 18
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 3

Confidential
1. Definitions
Term Meaning
ACIP applicable customer identification procedures.
Afterpay Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 15 169 342 947).
Afterpay’s a standalone document which outlines Afterpay’s assessment of underlying
Assessment
approved electronic databases against Section 4.10.21 criteria.
of Electronic
Databases
AML/CTF anti-money laundering and terrorism financing.
AML/CTF Act the Anti Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth).
AML/CTF the Anti Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Rules
Rules
Instrument 2007 (No. 1).
AML/CTF the AML/CTF Act and any regulations or rules made pursuant to that Act, as
Laws
amended from time to time.
Beneficial 1. of a person who is a Reporting Entity, means an individual who owns or
Owner or
controls (directly or indirectly) the reporting entity;
Beneficial
Ownership 2. of a person who is a Customer of a Reporting Entity, means an individual
who ultimately owns or controls (directly or indirectly) the Customer;
In this definition: ‘control’ includes control as a result of, or by means of, trusts,
agreements, arrangements, understandings and practices, whether or not
having legal or equitable force and whether or not based on legal or equitable
rights, and includes exercising control through the capacity to determine
decisions about financial and operating policies; and
In this definition: ‘owns’ means ownership (either directly or indirectly) of 25%
or more of a person.
Board Board of Directors of Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd
1 AML CTF Rules 4.10.2
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 4

Confidential
Customer a person to whom Afterpay provides (or is asked to provide) a Designated
Service (i.e. Australian individuals). Since Afterpay customers are individuals
only, Customer and the Beneficial Owner are the one and the same, unless
there is reasonable grounds to consider otherwise.
Designated the Designated Services in Table 1, Section 6 of the AML/CTF Act.
Services
dIDV documentation-based identification verification.
DOB date of birth.
Domestic a PEP of an Australian government body.
Politically
Exposed
Person
ECDD enhanced customer due diligence.
eIDV electronic-based identification verification.
Foreign a PEP of a government body of a foreign country.
Politically
Exposed
Person
KYC “Know Your Customer”.
KYC has the meaning given to it in the AML/CTF Rules.
Information
ML/TF Risk the risk that Afterpay may reasonably face that its provision of Designated
Services may involve or facilitate money laundering or terrorism financing.
Politically an individual:
Exposed
1. who holds a prominent public position or function in a government
Person (PEP)
body or an international organisation, including:
a. Head of State or head of a country or government; or
b. government minister or equivalent senior politician; or
c. senior government official; or
d. Judge of the High Court of Australia, the Federal Court of
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 5

Confidential
Australia or a Supreme Court of a State or Territory, or a Judge of
a court of equivalent seniority in a foreign country or
international organisation; or
e. governor of a central bank or any other position that has
comparable influence to the Governor of the Reserve Bank of
Australia; or
f. senior foreign representative, ambassador, or high
commissioner; or
g. high-ranking member of the armed forces; or
h. board chair, chief executive, or chief financial officer of, or any
other position that has comparable influence in, any State
enterprise or international organisation; and
2. who is an immediate family member of a person referred to in
paragraph 1), including:
a. a spouse; or
b. a de facto partner; or
c. a child and a child's spouse or de facto partner; or
d. a parent; and
3. who is a close associate of a person referred to in paragraph 1), which
means any individual who is known (having regard to information that
is public or readily available) to have:
a. joint Beneficial Ownership of a legal entity or legal arrangement
with a person referred to in paragraph 1); or
b. sole Beneficial Ownership of a legal entity or legal arrangement
that is known to exist for the benefit of a person described in
paragraph 1).
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 6

Confidential
2. Overview
This document sets out Afterpay’s Part B of the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism
Financing Program for the purposes of section 84 of the Anti-Money Laundering and
Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006.
The Customer identification and verification procedures specified in this Part B (including all of its
Schedules) outline how Afterpay collects and verifies KYC Information (as that term is defined in the
AML/CTF Rules) about Customers so that Afterpay can be reasonably satisfied that the Customer
exists and is who they claim to be.
This document includes references to Afterpay’s Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism
Financing Program Part A.
3. Customer Identification and Verification Procedures
3.1 Timing of Customer identification and verification
Afterpay performs the ACIP in respect of each Customer in accordance with this Part B before
providing any of the Designated Services to a Customer for the first time, and in any other
circumstances required by the AML/CTF Laws or this AML/CTF Program.
3.2 Customer types
Afterpay’s Customers fall into only one category , which are domestic individuals.2
Afterpay will amend this Part B if it decides to provide Designated Services to other Customer types
in the future.
3.3 Customers that cannot provide satisfactory evidence of identity
A. Where a Customer cannot provide satisfactory evidence of identity, in accordance with this
AML/CTF Program, due to exceptional circumstances, the matter will be referred to the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer (or delegate) to determine whether the Customer may be able
2 Afterpay assumes that the Customer and the Beneficial Owner are one and the same, unless there
is reasonable grounds to consider otherwise (Rule 4.12.2 of the AML/CTF Rules).
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 7

Confidential
to provide alternative documents to establish proof of identity in accordance with the
exception process in Part A of Afterpay’s AML/CTF Program.
B. The exceptional circumstances referred to in (a) above include, but are not limited to:
i. individuals whose birth was not registered;
ii. undocumented arrivals in Australia;
iii. people living in remote areas;
iv. people who are transgender or intersex;
v. people affected by natural disasters;
vi. people with limited access to identity documents (for example because they were
raised in institutional or foster care); and
vii. people over 18 who have not established a ‘social footprint’ in the community.
C. Afterpay will not rely on alternative documents to establish proof of identity if it knows or
has reason to believe that it is incorrect or misleading.
4. Verification Methods
4.1 Verification from electronic data
A. Afterpay primarily uses electronic data to verify information about Customers and
determines the verification procedures using electronic data to be reliable and
independent, considering the following factors:
i. the accuracy of the data;
ii. how secure the data is;
iii. how the data is kept up-to-date;
iv. how comprehensive the data is;
v. whether the data has been verified from a reliable and independent source;
vi. whether the data is maintained by a government body or pursuant to legislation; and
vii. whether the electronic data can be additionally authenticated.
B. Verification of information collected in accordance with the Schedules to this Part B will, as
far as possible, be based on reliable and independent electronic data.
C. Afterpay has assessed:
i. what reliable and independent electronic data it will use for the purpose of verification;
ii. its predefined tolerance levels for matches and errors; and
iii. whether, and how, to confirm information collected about a Customer by
independently initiating contact with the person the Customer claims to be.
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 8

Confidential
D. Afterpay has determined the electronic data contained in Schedule 3 of this Part B to be
reliable and independent in accordance with the provisions set out in Section 4.10.2(1) of the
AML/CFT Rules. Further details of the assessment and results can be found in Afterpay’s
Assessment of Electronic Databases.
4.2 Verification from documentation
Afterpay currently doesn’t use dIDV. If Afterpay decides to introduce dIDV, this Part B will be
updated.
4.3 Support by external service provider
Afterpay has appointed ID verification service providers to assist with the provision of electronic
identity verification (see section 10 of Part A of this AML/CTF Program).
5. Collection and Verification of Additional KYC
Information
Afterpay employs the risk-based systems and controls to enable it to determine in what
circumstances additional KYC information should be collected or verified in respect of Consumers.
If Afterpay is not reasonably confident that a Consumer is who they claim to be, or a material
discrepancy arises in the course of verifying information from a Consumer, Afterpay may take any of
the following actions as required to be reasonably satisfied that the Consumer is who they claim to
be:
● seek additional KYC information or clarification from or about the Consumer;
● undertake further verification of the additional KYC information or clarification received
from the Consumer; or
● elect to not engage in a Customer relationship, or to discontinue the provision of services
to a Consumer based on the noted discrepancy.
A discrepancy in Customer data may also trigger a suspicious matter reporting obligation which will
be managed in accordance with Section 6.2 of Part A of this AML/CTF Program.
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 9

Confidential
6. Politically Exposed Persons
Afterpay implements risk-based procedures to determine whether an individual Customer is a PEP,
or an associate of a PEP. This occurs before the provision of the Designated Services to the Customer
or as soon as practicable after the Designated Services have been provided, as required by the
AML/CTF Laws.
Afterpay uses a third-party vendor to screen the full name collected from an individual Customer
against PEP lists to determine whether a Customer is a PEP. Potential matches are reviewed
manually by trained Afterpay AML Analysts.
If Afterpay proposes to alter this policy for a Customer, any alteration must be escalated to the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer and senior management for review and ML/TF risk assessment in
accordance with the exception process in section 5.6 of Part A of Afterpay’s AML/CTF Program.
6.1 Customer is a PEP
Afterpay does not on-board any Customers who are themselves PEPs, without following the
processes set out below.
For a domestic PEP, Afterpay must determine whether the person is of a high ML/TF risk. If
Afterpay’s third party vendor returns a potential domestic PEP match, Afterpay will consider the
factors set out in its SOP’s in order to determine whether the potential domestic PEP is of a high
ML/TF risk.
If the Customer is a foreign PEP or a high ML/TF risk domestic PEP, Afterpay will undertake
Enhanced Customer Due Diligence as set out in Part A of Afterpay’s AML/CTF Program.
7. Discrepancy Management
Afterpay has implemented an approach to deal with minor discrepancies in the eIDV process (as
outlined in Schedule 2 of this Program). Overall, First Name, Last Name and Date of Birth require
exact matches between tier 1 and tier 2 verification flows, and only allow for minor variations, such as:
● First name is abbreviated, e.g. Mike vs. Michael
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 10

Confidential
● Customer has made a simple spelling error, specifically single letter typos and adjacent
letter transpositions
● First and middle name combinations
● Addition of middle name if missed during registration
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 11

Confidential
SCHEDULE 1 - ACIP Individual
Individual Customer (Medium or Low ML/TF Customer risk3)
KYC information to Collection method KYC information to be Verification method
be collected verified
Full name of the Collect from the Full name of the Customer Information is verified
Customer Customer via Afterpay’s using reliable and
online/app sign-up flow independent electronic
Date of Birth ○ Customer’s date of birth; OR
data
○ Customer’s residential
Residential Address
address.
Individual Customer (High ML/TF Customer risk)
ECDD applies in addition to the above. Additional information regarding ECDD is outlined in Part A
of Afterpay’s AML/CTF Program.
3 Customer risk rating is determined in alignment with Part A of this Program.
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 12

Confidential
SCHEDULE 2 - Electronic Verification
This schedule outlines the tiered electronic verification process. The tiered verification process is split
into three sub-components. The stages increase the level of engagement, information and strength
of identity verification required from the Customer.
Tier 1
Afterpay will attempt to verify a Customer’s full name and either residential address or DOB based
on reliable and independent electronic data provided by the appointed ID verification service.
Afterpay will attempt verification by accessing at least two approved electronic databases.
If Afterpay cannot verify the Customer’s identity by matching the Customer’s full name and either
residential address or DOB against two electronic data sources, it will then attempt to verify the
Customer’s identity using a Hard ID check.
Tier 2
If Tier 1 flow fails, Afterpay will collect an additional Government-issued identifier and attempt to
verify a Customer’s full name and DOB using reliable and independent electronic data accessed
through the Government’s Document Verification Service (DVS). Afterpay will collect the
Government issued identifier through the Customer’s online/app sign-on portal and the identifier
must be either:
a. Medicare card details; or
b. Australian-issued Driver’s Licence details; or
c. Passport.
If Afterpay cannot verify the Customer’s identity using DVS, either because the verification fails or the
Customer cannot provide additional Government-issued identifier as outlined above , Afterpay will
attempt to verify the Customer’s identity using the tier 3 flow.
Tier 3
At this step, the Customer is provided the option to upload a copy of the drivers licence, medicare,
passport or other form of identity and Afterpay’s Customer service agents will use that document as
a basis to perform the identity verification check through DVS.
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 13

Confidential
SCHEDULE 3 - Approved Databases
Afterpay has assessed4 the underlying databases that it proposes to use for identity verification
purposes and has concluded that they are independent and reliable in accordance with the
provisions set out in Section 4.10.2(1) of the AML/CTF Rules. The databases that Afterpay has selected
to use for its electronic verification process are listed below. If new electronic data sources are
approved, the below list will be updated as a non-material change to this Part B Program.
● DVS Australian Electoral Roll
● DVS Drivers Licence
● DVS Medicare
● DVS Australian Visa
● DVS Australian Travel documents
● Australian Tenancy File
● Data Co-Op
● FCS Public Number Directory
● Illion green ID Credit Header Data
● Experian Credit Header Data
● Equifax Consumer Credit Header
● SuperChoice Single Touch Payroll (STP) Data
● SuperChoice Superannuation Data
● Australian Claims Database5
4 This assessment sits within Afterpay’s Assessment of Electronic Databases.
5 Australian Claims Database will cease to exist on 24 March 2025.
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 14

Confidential
8. Document Management
8.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or their designee. For any questions
arising from this AML/CTF Program, please contact the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
8.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with Part A of this AML/CTF Program.
8.3 Exceptions
Exceptions to this Program are not permitted.
8.4 Related Documents
Related Programme Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd | Anti Money Laundering and
Counter Terrorism Financing Program
Related Assessment Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd | Assessment of Electronic
Databases
8.5 Revision & Approval History
Version Approver Approval Type Reason for Issue Date
2.0 Board Material C… New AML/CTF Program 26 July 2019
structure and updates to
Merchant and Consumer IDV
practices
3.0 Board Material C… Updates to Merchant and 13 November
Consumer IDV practices 2019
4.0 Board Material C… Changes to arising from 22 November
removal designated service – 2019
Item 8 from Part A AML/CTF
Program
5.0 Board Material C… Changes arising in relation 26 February
to treatment of foreign PEPs 2020
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 15

Confidential
6.0 AML/CTF Immateria… Adoption of new branding 24 September
Compliance template and other minor 2020
Officer & Chief updates.
Enterprise
Risk Officer
6.1 AML/CTF Material C… Change to reference to new 5 May 2021
Compliance Schedule 4, including details
Officer of Afterpay’s tiered ID
verification process,
approved databases and
Electronic Verification
Reliable and Independent
Assessment
6.2 AML/CTF Immateria… Update of approved 18 August 2021
Compliance databases and Electronic
Officer Verification Reliable and
Independent Assessment
6.3 AML/CTF Material C… Update to Schedule 1 and 4, 20 October 2021
Compliance largely including an
Officer additional Applicable
Customer Identity Procedure
using a Customer Risk
Assessment Model (RAM).
6.4 AML/CTF Material C… Update to Schedule 1 and 4, 09 December
Compliance removing additional 2022
Officer Applicable Customer Identity
Procedure using a Customer
Risk Assessment Model
(RAM).
6.4 N/A Immateria… New template only 31 August 2023
7.0 AML/CTF Material C… Removal of Merchant related 9 November
Compliance language and clarification on 2023
Officer document based verification
method. Streamlining
Board Material C… structure of the document 7 December
and removing reliable and 2023
independent assessment of
electronic data into a
standalone document.
Added key terms to the
document.
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 16

Confidential
7.1 AML/CTF Scheduled… Annual review with minor 12 November
Compliance administrative updates 2024
Officer
Martina Ka…
Board 11 December
2024
7.2 AML/CTF Immateria… Minor updates to Schedule 3 19 March 2025
Compliance and Section 5.
Officer
7.3 AML/CTF Immateria… Minor updates to Schedule 3 16 June 2025
Compliance to correct databases listed
Officer
8.6 Document Details
Business Afterpay
Scope Regional (Australia)
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner AML/CTF Compliance Officer
Last Approval Date 16 June 2025
Effective Date 17 June, 2025
Approved By AML/CTF Compliance Officer
Document Review Schedule Annually [December 2025]
Part B - Customer Identification and Verification | Afterpay Australia Pty Limited 17