Enhanced Customer Due Diligence Program
Square | Square AU Pty Ltd
Last Approved: Mar 25, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 25, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Under the AML/CTF Act, Square AU Pty Ltd (“Square AUˮ) has enacted
obligations to perform multiple AML controls that include its Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
ECDD Program (“Programˮ). The Program defines the triggers of ECDD and the actions Square
AU takes when ECDD is performed. It also documents additional requirements from Acquirers and
Payment Networks.
The program sets out the ECDD measures applied in response to specific ML/TF risks. It also
describes how the effectiveness of ECDD measures is monitored and reviewed, and outlines how
Square AU manages its tipping-off obligations when conducting ECDD.
Scope: This Program is established by Square AU and is applicable to the Square AU products
through which Square AU provides Designated Services as defined under the AML/CTF Act. This
Program is implemented, managed and maintained by the Square AU Compliance team and sets
out the approach to design and execution Square AUʼs ECDD Program.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Service Level Defines the expected review period for cases and other responsibilities of
Agreements the Analysts working on filing PEP watchlist alerts.
(“SLAˮ)
Suspicious A report that a reporting entity must submit under AML/CTF Act if they have
Matter Report reasonable grounds to suspect that a transaction may be related to money
(“SMRˮ) laundering, terrorism financing, tax evasion, proceeds of crime or any other
serious crimes under Australian law. An SMR must also be submitted if the
Reporting Entity has reasonable grounds to suspect the customer or an
1

agent of the customer is not who they say they are.
Reporting Entity Providers of Designated Services as that term is defined under the AML/CTF
Act.
Tipping Off The conduct of disclosing any information about an SMR, or inferring that
Square AU has submitted or will submit an SMR.
Designated A service that is listed in section 6 of the AML/CTF Act.
Service
2. Program Requirements
2.1. Customer Risk Rating Model
Square AU has established its ECDD program based on its Continuous Customer Risk Rating
Program. All new and/or active customers are risk-rated daily using a Machine Learning-based
Continuous CRR (cCRR) model. This model defines the risk rating for customers, which is used in
part to determine the customers that may require enhanced due diligence by Square AU.
2.1.1. Empirical Customer Risk
Square uses machine learning models to assess the risk of each customer. These assessments of
customer risk include a variety of sources of information about a customer, including, but not limited
to, the customerʼs payment behaviour, bank behaviour, casing history, account attributes and other.
These models are trained using historical data. Square AU refers to model-based assessments of
customer risk as empirical risk. Square uses two machine learning models to assess empirical risk
across the life of a customer: the Activation CRR and Continuous CRR models.
2.1.2. Activation Customer Risk Rating (aCRR)
Every customer who is onboarded is evaluated by the aCRR machine learning model and given a
score. A customerʼs aCRR score is stored and used as an input into the cCRR model. Additional
details on aCRR can be found in the Block Compliance Activations CRR ML Program.
2

2.1.3. Continuous Customer Risk Rating (cCRR)
Every customer is evaluated daily by the cCRR machine learning model and given a score. The cCRR
model leverages a wide range of information about a customer and their behavior. This score should
be considered a current assessment of the ML/TF risk posed by a customer given the information
available as of the evaluation date.
2.1.4. Intrinsic Customer Risk
There are certain characteristics a customer displays that Square AU believes should lead them to
be considered as high risk, regardless of their empirical model scores. Square AU refers to this as
Intrinsic Customer Risk, and the specific attributes that lead to this assessment are referred to as
intrinsic risk factors. A customer is considered to be intrinsically “high riskˮ if they display one or
more intrinsic risk factors. Intrinsically high risk customers are subjected to regular monitoring equal
to or exceeding that of empirically high risk customers.
The intrinsic high risk factors for Square AU are defined as follows:
● Sanctions: The individual, beneficial owner, or the business is identified as having sanction
related concerns.
● Suspicious Matter Report SMR: Customer included in an SMR filing and the account is
placed on enhanced monitoring without deactivation after review.
● High-Risk Politically Exposed Person HRPEP: The customer,, beneficial owner, or the
person on whose behalf the customer (such as a beneficiary of a trust or foreign equivalent) is
identified as a confirmed high-risk PEP.
● High-Risk Jurisdiction: Square data indicates that the customer has geographic linkage to any
of the high-risk countries listed in 2025 Country Risk Rating v1.0, which include the high-risk
jurisdiction that Financial Action Task Force FATF has called for ECDD to be applied.
2.2. ECDD Scenarios
Square AU applies its ECDD measures in the below scenarios.
2.2.1. Sanctions
If Square AU identifies that an individual, beneficial owner, or the business has sanction-related
concerns, but decides to maintain the relationship after a review and evaluation of risk-appetite, the
customer will be subject to an ECDD review as laid out in the ECDD Review Procedures.
3

2.2.2. Suspicious Matter Report SMR
When the SMR obligation arises, in addition to submitting the SMR by following the SMR procedures,
Square AU will also determine whether to continue the business relationship with the customer
depending on the ML/TF risk. During this process, Square AU will ensure that a “Tipping offˮ offence
is not committed.
If Square AU discontinues the relationship, Square AU will close the customerʼs accounts. If Square
AU continues the relationship, Square AU will:
● Follow the review process in ECDD Review Procedures for initial review;
● Monitor the customerʼs future activities and examine the customerʼs account(s)s, subject to the
Transaction Monitoring Program; and
● Monitor the customerʼs future activities and examine the customerʼs account(s) at least yearly,
according to the ECDD Program and subject to ECDD review following ECDD review
procedures.
2.2.3. High-Risk Politically Exposed Person HRPEP
If a customer, a beneficial owner of a customer or the person on whose behalf the customer is
determined to be a high ML/TF risk PEP or the individual is a foreign PEP, Square AU will follow the
review process outlined in the ECDD Review Procedures to determine whether to continue the
business relationship with the customer.
If Square AU discontinues the relationship, Square AU will:
● Close the customerʼs account(s); and
● Consider whether a SMR should be submitted.
If Square AU continues the relationship, Square AU will:
● Establish on reasonable grounds the source of funds and source of wealth;
● Obtain explicit approval from the Square AU CCO;
● Monitor the customerʼs future activity and examine the customerʼs account(s), subject to the
Transaction Monitoring Program; and
● Monitor the customerʼs future activities and examine the customerʼs account(s) at least yearly,
according to the ECDD Program and subject the account(s) to ECDD review following ECDD
review procedures.
4

2.2.4. High-Risk Jurisdiction
If Square AU data indicates that the customer has geographic linkage to any countries identified as
high risk in 2025 Country Risk Rating v1.0, according to Blockʼs 2024 Global Geographic Risk Ratings
Methodology & Program, Square AU will subject the customer to an ECDD review as laid out in the
ECDD Review Procedures.
2.2.5. High ML/TF Risk Customers Eligible for Review
When circumstances arise, Square AU will perform an ECDD review following the ECDD Review
Procedures. During initial onboarding and throughout ongoing CDD, including KYC updates and
re-verification, Square AU must identify, document, and maintain the customerʼs source of funds and
source of wealth when this information is relevant to the customerʼs high ML/TF risk.
2.3. ECDD Measures
The Square AU Compliance Analyst reviews alerts based on ECDD Review Procedures that are
routinely reviewed and updated to align with regulatory requirements. In general, the ECDD
measures used must be appropriate to the situation, and informed by the reason why the customer
was identified as high ML/TF risk and designed to manage and mitigate the ML/TF risk. ECDD
measures including a range of measures below:
● Obtain additional information, for example the reason for certain transactions;
● More detailed analysis of customer information;
● Collect, verify or re-verify more KYC information about the customer
● Collect and/or verify information about the customer or beneficial ownerʼs source of funds
and/or source of wealth;
● More detailed analysis and monitoring of transactions;
● Take additional measures to better understand the background, ownership (if relevant) and
financial situation of the customer, and other parties to the transaction;
● Cease providing designated service where this falls out of Square AUʼs risk appetite;
● Escalate and get approval from senior management.
2.4. Additional Requirements
Square AU may apply additional ECDD measures in additional circumstances, for example under the
requirement from Acquirers and Payment Networks, following ECDD Review Procedures.
5

2.5. Record keeping Requirements
The Square AU Compliance Analyst must keep clear, accurate records of any enhanced CDD applied
to a customer, including the reasons for its application, the information collected and verified, any
analysis, ML/TF risk assessments, and any resulting decision or actions taken to manage or mitigate
risk. This may include:
● The circumstances that required the conduct of ECDD;
● The reasons for applying specific ECDD measures;
● Any additional information collected from the customer and the methods used to verify such
information;
● Decision to apply additional measures to mitigate and manage ML/TF risk, or to cease
providing a designated service due to unacceptable risk.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities
● Square Australia (“AUˮ) Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ Acts as the designated Senior Manager for approvals required under the AML and
CTF Act and Rules, including approving the Enhanced Customer Due Diligence
Program and any material updates to it.
● Square AU Regulatory Program Manager:
○ Act as the AML/CTF Compliance Officer to oversee and coordinate the operational
functions of the Enhanced Customer Due Diligence Program in compliance with
local regulatory requirements, ensures that all due diligence processes, including
onboarding, screening, and ongoing checks, are implemented effectively and
consistently, and is responsible for reporting.
● Square AU Compliance Operations Lead:
○ Manages the operational team responsible for reviewing compliance alerts;
provides guidance, training and acts as an escalation point in addition to managing
SLAs.
● Square AU Compliance Analyst (“The Analystˮ):
○ Monitors and acts upon ECDD alerts, including reviewing and escalating potentially
suspicious activity accordingly.
● Square AU Compliance team :
○ Responsible for developing, implementing and maintaining an adequate compliance
program.
● Square Compliance Quality Assurance team:
6

○ Performs Quality Assurance by reviewing decisions made by analysts during ECDD
alerts review and filing; provides feedback on decision-making, observations, and
insights into trends, processes, and procedures; highlights opportunities for
consistency and efficiency; and reports the results of the reviews to individual team
members, their leads and senior management and supports regulatory and audit
requirements.
● Square AUʼs Board (“The Boardˮ):
○ Responsible for providing governance and oversight by ensuring Square AU
implements an effective AML/CTF program, manages risks, and complies with
reporting obligations.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
7

3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Square | Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism Financing Program
● Block | Activation Customer Risk Rating Program
● Square | Continuous Customer Risk Rating Program
● Square | Financial Crimes Transaction Monitoring Program
● 2024 Global Geographic Risk Ratings Methodology & Program | Block
● Square AU ECDD Procedures
● AU Suspicious Matter Report Procedure
● 2025 Country Risk Rating
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
JING WANG Square AU Creation January 31,
Compliance 2020
Program
Manager
Ying Li Square AU CCO Initial Appr… January 31,
2020
Ying Li Square AU CCO Material Ch… April 15, 2020
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Scheduled … Updated scoring time May 7, 2020
from 1 business day to
2 business days.
8

Lance Howard Square AU CCO Scheduled … May 7, 2021
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Scheduled … May 13, 2022
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Material Ch… Updated and included June 28, 2022
summary on Activation
Customer Risk Rating
Model.
Sydney Nam Block Policy Immaterial … Migrated document to December 16,
Governance new template and 2022
Coordinator made immaterial
updates to document.
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Immaterial … January 5,
2023
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled … Update the program to June 19,
Compliance consume the new
Program Customer Risk Scoring
Manager Program
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Material Ch… June 19, 2023
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled … Annual review of November 17,
Compliance document. 2023
Program
Manager
Lance Howard AML/CTF Scheduled … Annual review of November 23,
Compliance document. 2023
Officer
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled … Minor update to May 21, 2024
Compliance remove sole prop
Program charities section
Manager
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled … Annual review of Dec 11, 2024
Compliance document
Program ● Added in ECDD
Manager measures required
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Scheduled … ● Updated High risk Dec 11, 2024
countries in
Intrinsic rule and
using Block Global
Risk Rating
9

Scorecard to
identify high risk
country
JING WANG Square AU Scheduled … Annual review of March 24,
Regulatory document 2026
Program ● Update about
Manager treatment on
high risk PEP
● Update about
ECDD
Lance Howard Square AU CCO Material Ch… March 25, 2026
measures
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional AU
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Compliance AU Program Manager
Approved By Square AU CCO
Document Tier Tier 3
10