U.S. Identity Verification Policy
Square
Last Approved: Dec 30, 2025
Effective Date: Dec 30, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This U.S. Identity Verification ("IDV") Policy ("Policy") is established by
Square and applies to its U.S. operations. The Policy outlines Square's approach to IDV for each
customer of Square's Financial Products. The KYC Program Manager or delegate is responsible for
managing this Policy, with final approval from the Customer Onboarding and Appeals Program
Lead.
The purpose of this Policy is to facilitate compliance within all aspects of Block, Inc.'s Bank
Secrecy Act ("BSA")/Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") Program, across Square's financial products,
as well as its U.S. Know Your Customer ("KYC") Program Standard.
Square's U.S. KYC Program Standard outlines the company's approach to ensuring the business
reasonably knows its customers and assessing the risks involved in conducting business with
them, including adherence to the Customer Identification Program ("CIP"). The IDV Policy details
how customer information is collected and verified to establish identity as required by the CIP
component of the KYC Program.
Scope: This Policy is established by Square and is applicable to Square's Covered Products in the
U.S. market.
This Policy does not apply to products offered by other legal entities, including Square Financial
Services, or other business units within Block, Inc., including Cash App, and Afterpay. Additionally,
developer test accounts are outside the scope of this Policy.
1

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Identity Verification ("IDV") Identity Verification ("IDV") is a risk-based method of collecting
and confirming identity information to enable Square to form a
reasonable belief that it knows the true identity of each
customer.
Covered Products Square defines its Covered Products and activities as products
and services offered by Square that are required, whether due to
regulatory, partner, or other obligations, to comply with Block,
Inc.'s Bank Secrecy Act ("BSA")/Anti-Money Laundering ("AML")
Program.
Customer Identification A Customer Identification Program ("CIP"), a component of the
Program ("CIP") Know Your Customer Program, is a requirement for United States
("U.S.") financial institutions to verify the identities of customers
(both individuals and business entities) when they open new
accounts.
Beneficial Owner ("BO") Beneficial Owners ("BO") are individuals who either exercise
substantial control over a legal entity customer or, directly or
indirectly, own/control at least 25% of its ownership interests.
2. Policy Requirements
Square is both directly and indirectly regulated in various jurisdictions according to the types of
financial services and products offered and is subject to all applicable BSA/AML obligations. For
the purposes of Square's U.S. products that do not require money transmission licenses, including
its managed payments business, Square is not directly regulated.
However, even where Square is not directly regulated, it is required to meet the same expectations
of a regulated entity in commitment to its contractual obligations with acquiring partners. In order
to fulfill these requirements with acquiring partners, Square must collect and verify certain
information from its customers. Square's electronic IDV is performed automatically via direct
application programming interface ("API") calls with vendors.
2

2.1 IDV Overview
Before customers can use Square's financial products, Square verifies their identity using a
combination of electronic identity verification ("eIDV") and document identity verification ("dIDV"),
which are performed automatically via direct API calls with vendors.
After Square verifies the customer's identity, their account is activated for payments processing.
Only verified Square accounts can process payments and use Square's Financial Products.
2.2 Verification of Individuals and Sole Proprietors
2.2.1 Information Collection
For identity verification of individuals or sole-proprietors, Square obtains the following information
directly from customers, vendors, or a combination of both any information obtained from vendors
will be pre-filled and confirmed by the customer for accuracy prior to submission).
● Individual's full legal name;
● Physical residential address;
● Social Security Number ("SSN") or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number ("ITIN"); and
● Date of birth ("DOB").
2.2.2 Electronic Identity Verification (eIDV)
To conduct comprehensive Electronic Identity Verification ("eIDV"), Square partners with select
vendors to assess the information that Square collects from customers via attribute matching.
Attribute matching compares the customer information collected during onboarding (legal name,
DOB, SSN or ITIN, and address) with data provided by our vendors: LexisNexis, IDology, and Veriff.
These vendors aggregate customer information records from local and international public and
proprietary records. A match is determined by leveraging the data provided by the vendor to
determine if the information provided matches a record.
Strategy for Risk Mitigation and Controls Square uses the following controls to manage the risk
associated with fraud, identity theft, and other illicit activity for eIDV
1. Vendor Verification - Square maintains a set of rules and configurations with its third-party
vendors, which are designed to ensure Square takes a risk-based approach to verify the
identity of the customer. The following scenarios result in a customer failing eIDV, based on
the information collected from the customer:
a. SSN is reported as deceased;
b. Identity is reported as deceased;
c. SSN was issued prior to DOB; and
d. Individual is 13 or under.
3

2. Internal IDV Rules and Configurations - Square maintains a set of internal rules and
configurations that are applied post-vendor approval. This allows Square to override the
external vendor approval and deny the customer verification if needed. This could happen
under the following circumstances:
a. Collected age is less than 13 or greater than 113; or
b. SSN not valid - SSN is a sequence of 4 or 9 digits, is not invalid 111111111, and does
not start with three digits commonly used for ITINs 666, or numbers falling
between 900999
3. Hardblock - Square has developed a process such that, once customer information (bank
account, name, SSN, DOB, and address) are added to the hardblock database, any future
account attempting to onboard with the same information is automatically deactivated.
Information related to an account is typically added to the hardblock database when the
account is deactivated by compliance for Terms of Service Violations or AML concerns.
2.2.3 Document Identity Verification (dIDV)
If a customer's identity is not verified through eIDV, the customer may be prompted to go through
Document Identity Verification ("dIDV"). A customer may also be prompted to go through dIDV if
they did not meet the eIDV attribute matching criteria, if vendor data quality is low, or if risk is
perceived as high. Document identity verification consists of the collection of government-issued
photo identification and a live selfie, processed through a third party vendor.
Strategy for Risk Mitigation and Controls Square uses the following controls to manage the risk
associated with fraud, identity theft, and other illicit activity for dIDV
1. Vendor Verification - Square uses a third-party vendor, Veriff, to support the execution of
the dIDV process. During the process, the customer is required to provide photos of their
government-issued photo identification, as well as a live selfie. Veriff has risk mitigation
features, including the ability to identify natural movements in the selfie and biometric
analysis to account for common changes in an individual's appearance.
2. Internal dIDV Rules and Configurations - Square has created rules and policies to ensure
the identity information provided during dIDV is appropriately matched to the name
provided during eIDV.
2.2.4 Manual Verification
Depending on the product, customers may be eligible for manual verification if they do not pass via
dIDV or eIDV. Manual reviews may be available for other customers, at the discretion of the
Compliance Operations Lead. If manual verification is not possible or is not successful, the
customer account is not opened.
4

2.3 Business Verification
2.3.1 Information Collection
Square requests the following information from business entity customers (i.e. those who are not
individuals, sole proprietors, or single-member LLCs without an EIN
● Legal Business Name;
● Business Address (no PO boxes);
● Business Entity Type;
○ Corporation
○ LLC
○ Partnership
○ Charities
● Employer Identification Number ("EIN");
● Trading name or doing business as ("DBA") name; and
● Personal information Name, Address, SSN, DOB for relevant Beneficial Owners, Directors
or Account Holders
2.3.2 Verification of Business Entities
Square partners with select vendors, like Persona and Dun & Bradstreet, to verify that the business
information provided by a customer during onboarding Business Name, Address, and EIN
matches an existing record.
Beneficial Owners, Directors and Account Holders associated with a business are validated using
the eIDV and dIDV methods described in Section 2.2.2 Electronic Identity Verification (eIDV).
Strategy for Risk Mitigation and Controls Square has developed processes and the following
controls to manage the risk associated with fraud, identity theft, and other illicit activity for
Business Verification:
1. Internal IDV Rules and Configurations - Square maintains a set of internal rules and
configurations. If the following criteria is met, the data is not sent to vendors:
1. EIN not valid - EIN must be 9 digits, and cannot be an invalid sequence of numbers
111111111.
2. Hardblock - Once a customer's information—such as account holder name, SSN, date of
birth, and address—is entered into the hardblock database, any future accounts attempting
to register with the same details are automatically deactivated. Information related to an
account is typically added to the hardblock database when the account is deactivated by
compliance for Terms of Service Violations or AML concerns.
2.3.3 Manual Verification
Depending on the product, customers may be eligible for manual review if they do not pass via
dIDV or eIDV. Manual reviews may be available for other customers, at the discretion of the
5

Compliance Operations Lead. If manual verification is not possible or is not successful, the
customer account is not opened.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Compliance Operations:
○ This team conducts manual customer reviews as necessary.
● Counsel:
○ Provides legal requirements and guidance to ensure compliance with applicable
law.
● Customer Onboarding and Appeals Program Lead:
○ Responsible for comprehensive oversight and regulatory adherence of the IDV
Policy, and provides annual attestation of the Policy prior to Compliance Policy
Committee approval.
● Know Your Customer ("KYC") Program Manager:
○ Provides oversight on the IDV Policy, initiates modifications (when appropriate), and
collaborates with Product Compliance to ensure ongoing alignment between the
IDV Policy and Square's Financial Products.
● Product Compliance Team:
○ Partners with the KYC Program Manager to support the design and development of
controls to stay in compliance with internal policies, as well as applicable legal and
regulatory requirements.
● Risk Product Managers:
○ Implements machine learning models and vendor integration for document
verification process ("dIDV").
● Identities & Banking Teams:
○ The Product teams responsible for vendor integration and implementing processes
and controls for Square's Financial Products using IDV.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy,
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive
management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
6

● Complaints
3.3 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block's BSA/AML Program
● Square's U.S. Know Your Customer Program Standard
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
7

Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Lucia Marin Product Creation Initial creation. October 24,
Compliance 2022
Manager
Melissa Benjamin Compliance Material Change Updated to Aug 27, 2024
Program, Quality, Approval expand to
& Training Lead Covered
Products and
include business
verification
Adrian Gardner Customer Scheduled Minor updates to Aug 5, 2025
Onboarding and Review formatting and
Appeals Program language
Management
Lead
Compliance Compliance Aug 12, 2025
Policy Committee Policy Committee
Adrian Gardner Customer Material Ch… Offcycle material December 30,
Onboarding and update to expand 2025
Appeals Program how customer
information is
Management
collected to
Lead
include
information
pre-filled by a
vendor but still
confirmed for
accuracy by the
customer
8

Document Details:
Business Square
Scope US
Compliance Domain Anti-Financial Crimes
Document Owner Customer Onboarding and Appeals Program
Management Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
9