ARCHIVED
Australian Anti Money
Laundering and Counter
Terrorism Financing
Program
Afterpay | Afterpay NZ Limited
18 December 2024
Date of Approval

Confidential
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 2

Confidential
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
1. Definitions 4
2. Introduction 6
2.1 The requirement to establish and maintain an Australian AML/CTF Program 6
2.2 Scope and application of this Australian AML/CTF Program 7
2.3 The structure and purpose of this Australian AML/CTF Program 7
3. Key Concepts 8
3.1 What is money laundering 8
3.2 What is terrorism financing? 8
3.3 AML/CTF obligations 9
Part A 10
4. General Obligation 10
4.1 Purpose 10
4.2 Afterpay NZ’s business 10
4.3 Afterpay NZ’s Designated Services 10
4.4 Application of the Part A requirements to Afterpay NZ 11
4.5 Comparable laws 11
5. Risk Management Obligations 12
6. Oversight and Update Obligations 13
6.1 Rule 8.4 Board and Senior Management approval and oversight 13
6.2 Designation of AML/CTF Compliance Officer at management level 14
6.3 Rule 8.6 Independent review of this Australian AML/CTF Program 15
6.4 Rule 8.7 AUSTRAC feedback and guidance 15
6.5 Record Keeping 16
7. Reporting Obligations 17
7.1 Compliance Reports 17
7.2 International funds transfer instructions (IFTIs) 17
7.3 Changes to enrolment details 17
Part B 18
8. Obligations 18
8.1 Application of Part B 18
8.1 Consumer KYC 18
9. Document Management 20
9.1 Document Owner 20
9.2 Review and Approval 20
9.3 Exceptions 20
9.4 Revision & Approval History 20
9.5 Document Details 21
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 3

Confidential
1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Afterpay Foreign means the document titled “Afterpay Foreign Entities Guidance Note”,
Entities Guidance which sets out overarching guidance on the application of the
Note AML/CTF Laws to non-Australian Reporting Entities and a comparative
analysis of AML/CTF Laws.
Afterpay NZ means Afterpay NZ Limited 6340314
AML/CTF means anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing
(“AML/CTF”).
AML/CTF Act means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Act 2006 (Cth), being the principal statute operating in Australia.
AML/CTF means Afterpay NZ’s AML/CTF Compliance Officer as provided for in
Compliance Officer accordance with Rule 8.5.1 of the AML/CTF Rules.
AML/CTF Rules means the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
Rules Instrument 2007 (No. 1) (Cth).
AML/CTF Laws means the AML/CTF Act and the AML/CTF Rules.
AUSTRAC means the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre
(“AUSTRAC”), which is Australia’s anti-money laundering and
counter-terrorism financing regulator and financial intelligence unit.
this Australian means the Australian AML/CTF program for Afterpay NZ, as recorded in
AML/CTF Program this document.
Board means Afterpay NZ’s board of directors.
Consumer means an individual end-customer who utilises, or seeks to utilise,
Afterpay NZ’s “buy now pay later” services. For the purpose of this
AML/CTF Program, Consumers are Afterpay NZ’s Customers.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 4

Confidential
Criminal Code means the Criminal Code Act 1995 (Cth).
Customer means a person to whom Afterpay NZ provides (or is asked to provide)
a Designated Service. For the purpose of this AML/CTF Program,
Afterpay NZ’s Customers are Consumers.
Designated
has the meaning given to that term in section 6 of the AML/CTF Act.
Services
Employees includes full-time, part-time and casual employees, contractors and
agents engaged by Afterpay NZ, or acting on Afterpay NZ’s behalf, for
the purpose of performing certain services for the benefit of Afterpay
NZ.
FATF means the Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”), an international,
inter-governmental body which sets standards and promotes effective
implementation of legal, regulatory and operational measures for
combating money laundering, terrorist financing and other related
threats to the integrity of the international financial system.
Merchant means those individuals, partnerships, companies and trusts with
whom Afterpay NZ has an arrangement to pay the value of purchases
made by a Consumer using Afterpay NZ’s “buy now, pay later” loan
product and who offer goods or services for sale to Consumers. For the
avoidance of doubt, Afterpay NZ does not provide a Designated Service
to these Merchants, rather they are part of the process for the provision
of the loan products to Consumers.
ML/TF means money laundering (“ML”) / terrorism financing (“TF”)
ML/TF Risk means the risk that a reporting entity (in this case Afterpay NZ) may
reasonably face that its provision of Designated Services may
(inadvertently or otherwise) involve or facilitate money laundering or
terrorism financing.
NZ means New Zealand.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 5

Confidential
NZ Programme means the AML/CTF compliance program that applies to Afterpay NZ
under NZ laws (otherwise known as Afterpay NZ’s “AML/CFT
Compliance Programme”).
Reporting Entities means providers of Designated Services as that term is defined under
the AML/CTF Act.
Senior includes a member of Afterpay’s Leadership Team or a member of the
Management Block Compliance Core organisation.
2. Introduction
2.1 The requirement to establish and maintain an Australian AML/CTF
Program
This Australian AML/CTF Program is established in compliance with section 84(1) of the Australian
AML/CTF Act. It applies to Afterpay NZ Limited 6340314 ( Afterpay NZ ) as a Reporting Entity enrolled
with AUSTRAC.
Although Afterpay NZ is registered, and operates in NZ (and is subject to NZ laws), the AML/CTF Act
operates extraterritorially to the activities of a subsidiary of an Australian resident company insofar as
that subsidiary provides a Designated Service at or through a permanent establishment of that
subsidiary in a country other than Australia. Afterpay NZ is a subsidiary of Afterpay Pty Ltd1 , an
Australian resident company, and it provides certain Designated Services at or through its
permanent establishment in NZ.
As a result, Afterpay NZ is subject to the AML/CTF Act, which imposes a range of obligations on
Afterpay NZ in connection with its provision of Designated Services, albeit that they are more limited
than the obligations imposed on Reporting Entities who provide Designated Services at or through
a permanent establishment in Australia.
1 On 31 January 2022, Block Inc. completed its acquisition of Afterpay Pty Ltd (ACN 618 280 649). As a result,
Afterpay Pty Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of Block, Inc.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 6

Confidential
2.2 Scope and application of this Australian AML/CTF Program
In New Zealand, Afterpay NZ is a member of the Afterpay New Zealand Designated Business Group
( D BG ), comprising Afterpay NZ, Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd ACN 15 169 342 942 and Afterpay Limited
ACN 30 618 280 649. Afterpay NZ is not a member of an Australian DBG. To meet its obligations
under the AML/CTF Act, Afterpay NZ has also enrolled itself with AUSTRAC and maintains its own
Australian AML/CTF program.
This Australian AML/CTF Program operates in addition to the NZ Programme and any supporting NZ
policies and procedures. It is not intended to replace or be replaced by the NZ Programme or NZ
policies and procedures. In the event that the NZ Programme or supporting NZ policy or procedure
specifies any requirements that are materially different from those required by this Australian
AML/CTF Program, Afterpay NZ must apply both procedures to the extent possible. Where this is not
possible, Afterpay NZ must apply the requirements of the NZ laws. If it appears that performance of
any part of this Australian AML/CTF Program would cause Afterpay NZ to breach NZ laws, the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer must be consulted immediately.
2.3 The structure and purpose of this Australian AML/CTF Program
Section 84(1) of the AML/CTF Act requires that an AML/CTF program consists of two distinct sections,
referred to as “Part A” and “Part B”. Each section is required to contain certain information, which is
set out below.
Afterpay NZ provides Designated Services solely at or through its permanent establishment in New
Zealand. It is regulated by NZ laws relating to AML/CTF and Afterpay NZ has assessed these NZ laws
to be comparable to the AML/CTF Laws. This assessment process, including a review table of
comparable elements of the laws, is contained in the ‘Afterpay Foreign Entities Guidance Note’.
In these circumstances:
A. Afterpay NZ is exempted from the need to comply with a range of obligations under the
AML/CTF Laws that would otherwise apply if the Designated Services were being
provided at or through a permanent establishment in Australia; and
B. this Australian AML/CTF Program is required to consider only minimal additional systems
and controls to those already applicable to Afterpay NZ within NZ, as reflected in the
remainder of this document.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 7

Confidential
3. Key Concepts
3.1 What is money laundering
Money Laundering is a serious crime. Money Laundering involves hiding, disguising or legitimising
the true origin and ownership of money used in or derived from committing crimes. It is an
extremely diverse activity that is carried out at various levels of sophistication and plays an important
role in organised crime.
The AML/CTF Act defines “money laundering” as conduct that amounts to: (a) an offence against
Division 400 of the Criminal Code; or (b) an offence against a law of a State or Territory that
corresponds to an offence referred to in paragraph (a); or (c) an offence against a law of a foreign
country or of a part of a foreign country that corresponds to an offence referred to in paragraph (a).
Division 400 of the Criminal Code 2 provides a range of money laundering offences, each with a
similar theme, being that a person deals with money or property that is the proceeds or instrument
of crime. The person need not have an actual knowledge of the connection between the money and
a crime.
NZ has similar laws, which are relevant to the definition above at (c).
3.2 What is terrorism financing?
The World Bank defines “ terrorism financing ” as the financial support, in any form, of terrorism or of
those who encourage, plan or engage in terrorism and this can be divided into two broad areas:
1. funding of terrorist attacks – funding the cost of an actual attack, including cost of
firearms, explosives and travel; and
2. logistical funding – funding required to support groups or individuals who may plan a
terrorist attack or recruit for and provide training to the groups.
The AML/CTF Act defines “financing of terrorism” as conduct that amounts to: (a) an offence against
section 102.6 or Division 103 of the Criminal Code; or (b) an offence against section 20 or 21 of the
Charter of the United Nations Act 1945; or (c) an offence against a law of a State or Territory that
2 A full list of offences under Division 400 is available in the Australian Criminal Code Act 1995
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 8

Confidential
corresponds to an offence referred to in paragraph (a) or (b); or (d) an offence against a law of a
foreign country or a part of a foreign country that corresponds to an offence referred to in paragraph
(a) or (b).
3.3 AML/CTF obligations
The AML/CTF Act imposes a number of obligations on Reporting Entities with a view to detecting,
deterring and disrupting money laundering, terrorism financing and other serious financial crimes
and meeting various related objectives.
Reporting Entities that meet the geographical link test in section 6(6) of the AML/CTF Act must have
an Australian AML/CTF Program in place that meets the requirements of the AML/CTF Act and the
AML/CTF Rules.
The Designated Services provided by Afterpay NZ are outlined in Part 4.3 of Part A of this Australian
AML/CTF Program.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 9

Confidential
Part A
4. General Obligation
4.1 Purpose
Section 84(2) of the AML/CTF Act specifies that the purpose of a Part A is to:
A. identify, mitigate and manage the ML/TF Risk that the Reporting Entity reasonably may
face in respect of its provision of Designated Services at or through its permanent
establishment in Australia ;
B. if the Reporting Entity provides Designated Services at or through a permanent
establishment in a foreign country, ensure that it takes such action as is required by the
AML/CTF Rules in relation to its provision of Designated Services at or through its
permanent establishment in that foreign country ; and
C. otherwise address the Reporting Entity’s compliance with the applicable AML/CTF Laws.
The application of these purposes to Afterpay NZ and its provision of Designated Services is
discussed below.
4.2 Afterpay NZ’s business
Afterpay NZ’s ‘buy now pay later’ service allows Consumers to purchase at participating Merchants
and pay for them over four fortnightly instalments. Afterpay NZ pays the Merchant the purchase
price of the goods (less a fee), and assumes all Consumer non-payment risk. It is fee and interest free
to Consumers who pay on time.
4.3 Afterpay NZ’s Designated Services
Afterpay NZ provides Designated Services to Consumers as follows:
Designated Service Customer Corresponding Financial Activities
under the Australian under New Zealand Law
AML/CTF Act
Item 6: Making a loan, Individual end-customer Lending to or for a customer.
where the loan is made in who seeks to utilise [Sub paragraph 5(1)(a)(ii) of the
the course of carrying on a Afterpay NZ’s “buy now pay definition of “financial institution” in
loans business. later” services (referred to the AML/CFT Act 2009 (NZ).]
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 10

Confidential
in this AML/CTF Program
as a Consumer).
Item 7: In the capacity of: Individual end-customer Issuing or managing a means of
(a) lender for a loan; or (b) who seeks to utilise payment.
assignee (whether Afterpay NZ’s “buy now pay [Sub paragraph 5(1)(a)(v) of the
immediate or otherwise) later” services (referred to definition of “financial institution” in
of the lender for a loan; in this AML/CTF Program the AML/CFT Act 2009 (NZ).]
allowing the borrower to as a Consumer).
conduct a transaction in
relation to the loan, where
the loan was made in the
course of carrying on a
loans business.
Items 6 and 7 relate to Afterpay NZ's “buy now, pay later” loan products. Afterpay NZ provides these
loan products to Consumers who are residents of NZ and have a credit or debit card account issued
by a NZ registered bank. These products are used by those Consumers to pay for purchases upfront
(by way of disbursing the loan funds) and allow the Consumers to repay the loan to Afterpay NZ by
making repayments due every two weeks.
4.4 Application of the Part A requirements to Afterpay NZ
Afterpay NZ has identified that it is required to take certain actions specified in the AML/CTF Laws in
relation to its provision of Designated Services at or through its permanent establishment in NZ.
These actions are addressed in sections 5 to 7 below.
4.5 Comparable laws
The AML/CTF Laws provide some relief to Afterpay NZ from AML/CTF requirements that would
otherwise apply to it if any of its Designated Services were provided at or through a permanent
establishment in Australia.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 11

Confidential
In addition to relief provided in the AML/CTF Act itself, Part 8.8 of the AML/CTF Rules confirms that
Afterpay NZ need only consider minimal additional systems and controls to those required by NZ
laws so long as it is regulated by AML/CTF laws in NZ that are comparable to those in Australia.
NZ laws relating to AML/CTF matters apply to Afterpay NZ’s activities when it provides its Designated
Services.
A comparative analysis has been undertaken between the Australian and NZ AML/CTF laws in
accordance with AUSTRAC’s guidance titled “ Assessment of comparable AML/CTF laws in foreign
countries, Guidance note 09/02 ” 3 . The full analysis and assessment is recorded and stored in the
Afterpay Foreign Entities Guidance Note.
Afterpay NZ has assessed that it is regulated in NZ by AML/CTF laws that are comparable to Australia.
On that basis, Afterpay NZ has considered whether any additional systems or controls are necessary
to meet its obligations under the AML/CTF Act and whether its current New Zealand ML/TF Risk
assessment is adequate. Afterpay NZ considers that there is currently no need for additional systems
and controls beyond those addressed in sections 5 to 7 below.
5. Risk Management Obligations
Afterpay NZ provides Designated Services only at or through its permanent establishment in NZ. In
the circumstances, it has not identified any ML/TF Risk that it reasonably may face in respect of its
provision of Designated Services at or through a permanent establishment of Afterpay NZ in
Australia for the purpose of giving effect to section 84(2)(a) of the AML/CTF Act.
Afterpay NZ will continue to monitor its provision of Designated Services to ensure that it does not
commence to provide any such Designated Services at or through a permanent establishment in
Australia as defined by section 21 of the AML/CTF Act. Afterpay NZ’s processes include consultation
with the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or their delegates where new Designated Services are being
considered, or where there may be other changes to existing Designated Services that may impact
this Australian AML/CTF Program.
3 Further information is available at
https://www.austrac.gov.au/business/how-comply-guidance-and-resources/guidance-resources/assessment-co
mparable-amlctf-laws-foreign-countries
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 12

Confidential
Afterpay NZ’s approach to identifying, mitigating and managing ML/TF Risk is set out in the NZ
Programme. It has assessed its overall residual ML/TF Risk to be low, based on Block’s ML/TF &
Sanctions Risk Assessment Program, but will continue to reflect on, and monitor, this.
6. Oversight and Update Obligations
6.1 Rule 8.4 Board and Senior Management approval and oversight
Rule 8.4.1 of the AML/CTF Rules requires that Part A of this Australian AML/CTF Program is approved
by the Board and Senior Management. Part A of the Australian AML/CTF Program must also be
subject to the ongoing oversight of the Board and Senior Management.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer provides updates to Senior Management and the Board regarding
AML/CTF compliance. These are provided in accordance with the following points:
● The AML/CTF Compliance Officer is to present Part A of this Australian AML/CTF Program
for formal re-approval by the Board and Senior Management approximately every 12
months regardless of whether any changes have been made to it;
● AML/CTF compliance will be reported to Senior Management at least annually and will be
noted and/or discussed at least annually by the Board, and will be the subject of regular
oversight by Senior Management; and
● To ensure that the Board and Senior Management have the necessary knowledge and
skill to carry out their oversight functions, they will receive separate dedicated Board
AML/CTF awareness training on an annual basis and otherwise upon the request of any
Board member.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer will also provide updates to the Board and Senior Management
concerning each of the following:
● Changes to NZ laws, Afterpay NZ’s approach to AML/CTF compliance in NZ, Afterpay NZ’s
assessment of ML/TF Risk, or business changes, that may have an impact on Afterpay NZ’s
Australian obligations;
● Reports of, or the results from, independent reviews, internal reviews or compliance
assessments, or other assessments as to Afterpay NZ’s state of compliance with the
AML/CTF Laws;
● Any feedback or guidance received from AUSTRAC as set out in Section 6.4 below;
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 13

Confidential
● business trends, regulatory changes and market developments relevant to AML/CTF
compliance;
● Identification of breaches of AML/CTF Laws; and
● Any other subject matter that the AML/CTF Compliance Officer considers appropriate to
bring to the Board and/or Senior Management's attention.
This Australian AML/CTF Program is not a static document. It will be amended over time if the
AML/CTF Compliance Officer believes that such a change is necessary. This will occur if:
● There are changes to the AML/CTF Laws, NZ laws or its NZ AML/CTF program that alter
Afterpay NZ’s Australian AML/CTF obligations;
● Afterpay NZ expands or alters its business in the future (including by the introduction of
new products or services) and the AML/CTF Compliance Officer believes that the
processes outlined in this Australian AML/CTF Program are no longer sufficient;
● Afterpay NZ determines that it will commence to provide Designated Services at or
through another jurisdiction outside NZ; or
● The AML/CTF Compliance Officer otherwise believes that a change is justified.
Any material changes to this Australian AML/CTF Program must be approved by the AML/CTF
Compliance Officer, Senior Management and the Board. Any minor changes however can be
approved by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer only and provided for noting to Senior Management
and the Board at the next convenient opportunity.
6.2 Designation of AML/CTF Compliance Officer at management level
Afterpay NZ has designated an AML/CTF Compliance Officer at management level. This
appointment has been approved by Senior Management and is confirmed through the adoption of
this Australian AML/CTF Program. At the date of approval of this Part A, the AML/CTF Compliance
Officer is Martina Kann .
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer is responsible for implementing, monitoring, and managing both
this Australian AML/CTF Program, and the NZ Programme and for ensuring that Afterpay NZ meets
its requirements under the AML/CTF Laws.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 14

Confidential
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer may temporarily delegate their duties to an individual at
management level who has undertaken AML/CTF training and screening, and is at a level of seniority
appropriate to carry out the duties of an AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
6.3 Rule 8.6 Independent review of this Australian AML/CTF Program
Part A of this Australian AML/CTF Program is subject to regular independent review, by an internal or
external party, at frequencies that take into account the nature, size and complexity of Afterpay NZ’s
business and the type and level of ML/TF Risk that it may face. Having regard to those factors,
Afterpay NZ, in consultation with Block, Inc.’s Internal Audit team, will determine the appropriate
party/parties to undertake an independent and professional review of Part A of this Australian
AML/CTF Program, and its associated procedures and practices at least once every two years.
The purpose of the independent review is to assess:
● The effectiveness of Part A of this Australian AML/CTF Program;
● Whether Part A of the AML/CTF Program complies with the AML/CTF Rules;
● Whether Part A of the AML/CTF Program has been effectively implemented; and
● Whether Afterpay NZ has complied with Part A of the AML/CTF Program.
In addition to considering these matters, the independent review may consider any other matters
that the AML/CTF Compliance Officer determines are appropriate.
Afterpay NZ will also ensure that the results of any independent review of Part A of this Australian
AML/CTF Program will be provided to the Board and Senior Management. Further details can be
found in Block’s Compliance Audit, Exam & Independent Assessment Management Program.
6.4 Rule 8.7 AUSTRAC feedback and guidance
Afterpay NZ may receive direct feedback (either written or oral) from AUSTRAC, from time to time, in
respect of AML/CTF compliance or other matters relevant to identifying, mitigating or managing
ML/TF Risk relevant to Afterpay NZ’s business. This may be specific to Afterpay NZ, or industry-wide
feedback.
Following receipt of AUSTRAC feedback, the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will:
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 15

Confidential
● Consider the AUSTRAC feedback and any necessary action that Afterpay NZ will need to
take to ensure ongoing compliance with AML/CTF Laws;
● Consider whether the AUSTRAC feedback is relevant to its obligations under NZ laws and
any necessary action that Afterpay NZ will need to take to ensure ongoing compliance
with NZ laws;
● Consult with AUSTRAC as is appropriate in the circumstances; and
● Inform the Board and Senior Management of the AUSTRAC feedback and any
recommended action.
From time to time, AUSTRAC may also publish or disseminate guidance material that is relevant to
the identification, mitigation, and management of ML/TF Risk that is relevant to Afterpay NZ’s
business. In these circumstances the AML/CTF Compliance Officer will:
● Consider the guidance and any necessary action that Afterpay NZ will need to take in
respect of the guidance;
● Consult with AUSTRAC as is appropriate; and
● Inform Senior Management (and, if considered appropriate, the Board) of any
recommended action.
6.5 Record Keeping
Afterpay NZ will make and retain records, or a copy or extract of records, of:
● The adoption of this Australian AML/CTF Program or an amendment to this Australian
AML/CTF Program for a period of 7 years from the date that the adoption ceases to be in
force;
● Each version of the Australian AML/CTF Program adopted, and any amendments to the
Australian AML/CTF Program that are adopted, for a period of 7 years from the date that
the adoption ceases to be in force; and
● Other matters that are relevant to Afterpay NZ’s application of the AML/CTF Act, AML/CTF
Rules, or this Australian AML/CTF Program.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 16

Confidential
7. Reporting Obligations
7.1 Compliance Reports
Section 47 of the AML/CTF Act requires Afterpay NZ to lodge annual compliance reports with
AUSTRAC, in an approved form, in accordance with Chapter 11 of the AML/CTF Rules.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer or their delegate will consult with management and other relevant
Employees to prepare the annual AUSTRAC compliance reports in the first quarter of each year in
respect of activities undertaken in the previous calendar year and will lodge these with AUSTRAC as
required.
7.2 International funds transfer instructions (IFTIs)
Section 45 of the AML/CTF Act requires Reporting Entities that send or receive IFTIs to lodge an IFTI
report with AUSTRAC within 10 business days of the instruction being sent or received (as
appropriate).
Any instruction Afterpay NZ sends or receives as the last point of transmission out of Australia, or the
first point into Australia, which involves the transfer of money or property must be reported to
AUSTRAC by an IFTI report.
Afterpay NZ does not deal with IFTIs and therefore does not need to file an IFTI report.
7.3 Changes to enrolment details
Afterpay NZ will advise the AUSTRAC Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of any changes to Afterpay NZ's
enrolment details which were provided to AUSTRAC when it enrolled as a reporting entity being the
details contained in Part A of Chapter 63 of the AML/CTF Act). This includes updating Afterpay NZ’s
annual earnings, derived from operations in Australia, where earnings of A$100 million or more
occur.
The AML/CTF Compliance Officer / delegate will notify the AUSTRAC CEO of any changes within 14
days of the change arising.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 17

Confidential
Part B
8. Obligations
8.1 Application of Part B
The purpose of Part B is to set out the applicable customer identification procedures that Afterpay
NZ must use to identify, and verify the identity of, its Customers for the purpose of applying the
AML/CTF Act to its Customers.
As Afterpay NZ provides Designated Services to Customers solely at or through its permanent
establishment in NZ, it is exempted from the need to apply Part 2 of the AML/CTF Act to its
Customers. Part 2 of the AML/CTF Act includes both the statutory requirements obliging Reporting
Entities to carry out applicable customer identification procedures to their customers and the
requirements obliging Reporting Entities to undertake ongoing customer due diligence.
Practically, this means that there is no role for the applicable customer identification procedures that
are required to be addressed in Part B in relation to Afterpay NZ under the AML/CTF Act. Instead,
Afterpay NZ is required to comply with applicable procedures under NZ law to identify, and verify the
identity of its Customers.
Nothing in the AML/CTF Laws expressly exempts Afterpay NZ from the need to include a Part B in
this Australian AML/CTF Program in a form that complies with the requirements of Chapter 4 of the
AML/CTF Rules. Adopting a cautious approach, Afterpay NZ has therefore determined to include a
Part B in this Australian AML/CTF Program which incorporates by reference its approach to customer
identification and verification under NZ law. To that end, the following should be treated as
incorporated by reference into this Part B.
8.1 Consumer KYC
Afterpay NZ collects the following data from Consumers in accordance with the collection methods
detailed in the NZ Programme.
Field Afterpay NZ Frontend Validation
First Name Mandatory
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 18

Confidential
If applicable (the Middle Name will be used to verify the
Middle Name
Consumer’s identity when one is provided by the Consumer)
Surname Mandatory
Date of Birth (“DOB”) Mandatory (Afterpay NZ Consumers must be 18 or over)
Residential Address Mandatory (must be within NZ)
Mobile Phone Mandatory
Email Mandatory
Afterpay NZ then:
a. Verifies the Consumer’s identity; and
b. Completes a satisfactory PEP and sanctions screening.
Afterpay NZ will continue to monitor the adequacy of its assessment of ML/TF Risk and associated
program, policies, processes, systems and controls in NZ. If Afterpay NZ identifies a need to
strengthen this Australian AML/CTF Program in relation to customer identification, identity
verification, ongoing customer due diligence, or record keeping, it will incorporate these into its NZ
Programme, policies and procedures and update this Australian AML/CTF Program as required.
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 19

Confidential
9. Document Management
9.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the AML/CTF Compliance Officer or their designee. For questions arising
from this AML/CTF Program, please contact the AML/CTF Compliance Officer.
9.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with Section 6 of this Program.
9.3 Exceptions
Exceptions to this Program are not permitted.
9.4 Revision & Approval History
Version Approver Approval Type Reason for Issue Date
1.0 Afterpay NZ Creation New Australian AML/CTF Program 15 November 2019
Board
2.0 Afterpay NZ Material C… Remove reference to factoring 22 November 2019
Board
3.0 Afterpay NZ Material C… Decline of Ministerial exemption 22 May 2020
Board application resulting in need to
conduct electronic identity
verification, enhanced customer
due diligence and PEP checks,
updates to incorporate
recommendations from 2019
audit, and general update of
AML/CFT Programme following
review.
4.0 Afterpay NZ Material C… Change of AML/CTF Officer 12 August 2020
Board
4.0 Immateria… New Template 27 August 2021
5.1 Afterpay NZ Scheduled… Annual review and minor 23 September 2021
Board cosmetic changes
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 20

Confidential
4.2 Afterpay NZ Scheduled… Minor administrative changes 21 December 2022
Board
5.0 Afterpay NZ Material C… Change of AML/CTF Officer 14 April 2023
Board
5.0 Immateria… New Template 31 August 2023
6.0 AML/CTF Scheduled… Annual review and minor 15 November 2024
Compliance administrative changes to bring
Officer the program up to date.
Martina Kann
Afterpay NZ 18 December 2024
Board
9.5 Document Details
Business Afterpay
Scope Regional (New Zealand)
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner AML/CTF Compliance Officer
Last Approval Date 18 December 2024
Effective Date 18 December 2024
Approved By AML/CTF Compliance Officer
Document Review Schedule Annually
Australian AML/CTF Program | Afterpay NZ Limited 21