Financial Crime Program
Squareup International Limited SIL
Last Approved: September 25, 2025
Effective Date: September 25, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Financial Crime Program (“Programˮ) is established by Squareup
International Limited (“SILˮ). SIL is an authorised Electronic Money Institution, regulated and
supervised by the Central Bank of Ireland (“CBIˮ) under Firm Reference Number C184117. The
ultimate parent company is Block, Inc. (“Blockˮ), a Delaware corporation, which is a merchant
services aggregator and mobile payments company based in San Francisco, California in the
United States of America (“USˮ). It is registered as a Money Services Business with the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCENˮ).
SIL has permission to provide services in the Economic European Area (“EEA") as set out in the
European Union Payment Services) Regulations 2018. This arrangement is known as
“passportingˮ. The key product offered by SIL is Square Managed Payments.
SILʼs primary product offering includes a combination of card acceptance hardware, made up of
the Square Reader (a device used with an Apple iOS device or an Android mobile device) and a
Square Stand (a stand used exclusively with an Apple iPad) and an accompanying software
application to provide the technical interface between the hardware and the merchant acquiring
banking infrastructure. Collectively, this payment solution is referred to as "Square Managed
Payments". Square Managed Payments reads debit, credit, gift, and prepaid card data and enables
a Merchant (an individual or a company) to accept non-cash payments using their
iPhone/iPad/Android mobile device and send a digital receipt to their Customer (or a printed
receipt if compatible hardware is installed).
SILʼs business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations throughout the EEA and the US,
including Irish anti-money laundering (“AMLˮ), countering the financing of terrorism (“CFTˮ), and
financial sanctions (“FSˮ) legislation as well as the U.S. Treasury Departmentʼs Office of Foreign
Assets Control (“OFACˮ) and sanctions requirements. In turn, SIL follows the international
framework proposed by the Financial Action Task Force (“FATFˮ) and acts under guidance
produced by the European Banking Authority (“EBAˮ) and the CBI.

SIL is committed to developing, implementing, and maintaining an effective, risk-based AML/CFT
program, which is reasonably designed to prevent SIL from being used to facilitate ML and the
financing of terrorist activities.
This Program document has been designed to meet the following objectives:
● To develop and implement a risk-based AML/CFT/FS program for all SIL activities in the
European Union (“ EUˮ);
● To inform the development of risk-based AML/CFT/FS control procedures for all SIL
activities in the EU;
● To promote awareness of applicable AML/CFT/FS laws and regulations;
● To detect, prevent, monitor and and report suspicious activity and any terrorist financing
transactions; and
● To fully cooperate with all law enforcement, regulatory agencies, and financial intelligence
units to the extent required and permitted under applicable law.
Where relevant, SIL implements AML/CFT/FS measures as described in this Program on a
pan-European basis. A regional EU country Annex provides an overview of the country regulations
SIL adheres to in the countries in which it currently operates. This annex will be updated as and
when SIL begins to provide regulated activities in other EEA countries.
Scope: This program is established by SIL and is applicable to Seller. It is vital that all Staff
members that support SIL are aware of, and are committed to complying with, all applicable
requirements of this Program and relevant AML/CFT/FS laws and regulations. All Staff members
are expected to maintain the standards specified within this Program.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Beneficial Owner Refers to the natural person(s) who ultimately owns or controls a
Customer and/or the natural person on whose behalf a transaction is
being conducted. It also includes those persons who exercise ultimate
effective control over a legal person or arrangement. See here for
further information.
Customer(s) An individual or company that uses products and services offered by
SIL.
Financial Crime A Financial Crime program is a written document that sets out the
Program primary components SIL uses to identify, mitigate and manage potential
risks of its products or services being misused to facilitate ML or TF.
The components of the program and documentation must be
developed, implemented and proactively maintained.

Merchant(s) A business that offers products and services related to SILʼs primary
product - Square Managed Payments.
Money Laundering Money Laundering is the process by which individuals or organisations
conceal the origins of illegally obtained funds, making them appear
legitimate. In the context of SIL, ML typically involves disguising the
proceeds of crime through legitimate payment channels, including
merchant transactions and card processing services. Criminals may
attempt to exploit financial institutions to move, layer or integrate illicit
funds into the financial system. As a regulated entity, SIL has a legal and
ethical responsibility to detect and prevent such activities by implementing
robust Anti-Money Laundering (“AMLˮ) controls, including customer due
diligence (“CDDˮ), transaction monitoring and the reporting of suspicious
activity.
Suspicious STRs are documents that a financial institution must file with the
Transaction relevant Financial Intelligence Unit (“FIUˮ) and the Revenue
Reports (“STRˮ) Commissioners following a suspected incident of money laundering,
terrorist financing or fraud.
Staff/ Staff All full-time and part-time employees and fixed-term and contingent
Members workers including interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party
providers, and contractors.
Terrorist Financing Terrorist Financing involves the collection or provision of funds with the
intention or knowledge that they will be used to support terrorist acts,
individuals or organisations. Unlike Money Laundering, the origin of the
funds used for terrorist financing may be legitimate or illicit, making
detection more complex. For SIL, there is a heightened risk that payment
processing services could be misused to raise, move or store funds that
support terrorism, often through seemingly legitimate merchants or
transactions. SIL must implement effective controls to identify and report
suspicious activity, conduct enhanced due diligence (“EDDˮ) where
necessary and ensure systems are in place to prevent its services from
being exploited for terrorist financing purposes.
2. Program Requirements
2.1. Legal & Regulatory Framework
SIL has obligations under Part 4 of the Criminal Justice Money Laundering and Terrorist
Financing) Act 2010 (as amended) Criminal Justice Act “CJAˮ 2010 and under its requirements to
adhere to international sanctions. SIL will also have regard to the Anti-Money Laundering and
Countering the Financing of Terrorism Guidelines for the Financial Sector (“The Guidelinesˮ)

introduced by CBI in September of 2019, other guidance and papers issued by CBI, and other EBA
Guidelines.
Part 4 of the CJA Act 2010 obliges SIL to put in place an effective, risk-based AML/CFT
framework, which includes the application of a risk-based approach, Customer due diligence
(“CDDˮ) measures, reporting of suspicious transactions, governance, policies and procedures,
recordkeeping, and training. The retention of such records will be tested as part of Blockʼs global
risk based approach to monitoring and testing.
The CBI is the competent authority for the monitoring of credit and financial institutionsʼ
compliance with the CJA 2010 and is responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure such
compliance.
2.1.1 Money Laundering
Money laundering means an offence as set out under Section 7 of the CJA 2010. It involves the
intentional or reckless conversion of property, generated from “criminal conductˮ, so that the
criminal origin of the property is difficult to trace. Money Laundering Section 71 of the CJA 2010
provides that a person commits a money laundering offence in the State if:
(a) the person engages in any of the following acts in relation to property that is the
proceeds of criminal conduct: (i) concealing or disguising the true nature, source, location,
disposition, movement or ownership of the property, or any rights relating to the property;
(ii) converting, transferring, handling, acquiring, possessing, or using the property; (iii)
removing the property from, or bringing the property into, the State; and
(b) the person knows or believes (or is reckless as to whether or not) the property is the
proceeds of criminal conduct.
Section 72 of the CJA 2010 provides that a person who attempts to commit an offence under
subsection 1 commits an offence.
2.1.2 Criminal Contact
“Criminal conductˮ is defined in Section 6 of the CJA 2010 as “Conduct that constitutes an offence
or conduct occurring in a place outside the State that constitutes an offence under the law of the
place and would constitute an offence if it were to occur in the State. This definition encompasses
all offences whether minor or serious, summary, or indictable.
2.1.3 Proceeds of Criminal Conduct
“Proceeds of criminal conductˮ is defined in Section 6 of the CJA 2010 as “any property that is
derived from or obtained through criminal conduct, whether directly or indirectly or in whole or in
part, and whether that criminal conduct occurs before, on or after the commencement of this Partˮ.
2.1.4 Terrorist Financing
Terrorist financing means an offence under Section 13 of the Criminal Justice Terrorist Offences)
Act 2005 CJA 2005. Section 131 of CJA 2005 provides that a person is guilty of a TF offence if

“in or outside the State, the person by any means, directly or indirectly, unlawfully and wilfully
provides, collects, or receives funds intending that they be used or knowing that they will be used,
in whole or in part in order to carry out:
a) an act that constitutes an offence under the law of the State and within the scope of, and
as defined in, any treaty that is listed in the annex to the Terrorist Financing Convention, or
b) an act (other than one referred to in paragraph (i) that is intended to cause death or
serious bodily injury to a civilian or to any other person not taking an active part in the
hostilities in a situation of armed conflict, and (ii) The purpose of which is, by its nature or
context, to intimidate a population or to compel a government or an international
organisation to do, or abstain from doing, any act.ˮ
Section 132 of CJA 2005 provides that a person who attempts to commit an offence under
subsection 1 is guilty of an offence.
2.1.5 Sanctions
Sanctions are an instrument of a diplomatic or economic nature which seek to bring about a
change in activities or policies, such as violations of international law or human rights or policies
that do not respect the rule of law or democratic principles. Financial sanctions emanating from the
EU and the United Nations (“UNˮ) are contained in sanctions lists.
3. Risk Assessment & Management
3.1 Risk Based Approach
Section 30A and 30B of the CJA 2010 require firms to apply a risk-based approach when applying
AML/CFT compliance measures. SIL assesses ML/TF risk which it is exposed to resulting from the
nature and complexity of the business.
In order to develop appropriate systems and controls, SIL assesses the ML/TF risks, both specific
and general, that arise in relation to Customers, products, services, channels, and geography
(business and Customers) and other risks as identified by the National Risk Assessment and those
risks identified by SIL but not contained in the above categories. In this regard, SIL also recognises
other significant risks such as sanctions, bribery, corruption, and fraud.
SIL assesses the ML/TF risk it is exposed to by entering into a business relationship with a
Customer so that SIL can determine the level of CDD required under Sections 33 and 35 of the
CJA 2010. In applying a risk-based approach to SILʼs AML/CFT obligations, SIL is aware of the
importance and benefits of financial inclusion. SIL has not adopted a “zero toleranceˮ approach, or
wholesale termination of business relationships with entire categories of Customers, without an
individual assessment of the Customer risk.
SIL implements a risk-based approach to focus effort where it is needed and where it will be most
effective in countering the risks posed to SIL and the ecosystem in which SIL operates. Risk
assessment and management are ongoing processes conducted locally and globally and are

continuously evaluated so that resources are assigned appropriately to those areas that pose the
greatest risk.
3.2 Business Risk Assessment
SIL conducts a business risk assessment according to Section 30A of the CJA 2010 and assesses
risk in applying CDD according to Section 30B of the CJA 2010 by following the risk assessment
approach at the Block level.
SILʼs Business-Wide Risk Assessment is produced annually, taking into account various relevant
sources and is presented for approval to the Board by the Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) as
soon as it is available.
As new risks are identified or presented, consideration will be given to the modification of the
program and strategies to execute upon the Program.
As per relevant legislation, before new products or services are launched, or prior to SIL launching
in additional jurisdictions, the business must review the product or service for potential ML/TF risks
and ensure appropriate controls are implemented if such risks exist.
3.3 Risk Factors
When assessing the risk of Customer relationships, SIL takes a holistic view of the risk associated
with any given situation, as per Section 30A1 of the CJA 2010. SIL adopts the Global AML and
Sanctions Risk Assessment Framework.
SIL acknowledges that unless required by the CJA 2010 or EU legislation, the presence of isolated
risk factors does not necessarily move a relationship into a higher or lower risk category.
4. Customer Risk Rating Model
SIL utilises Blockʼs machine learning model to determine Customer Risk Rating (“CRRˮ). The activation
Customer Risk Rating (“aCRRˮ) model evaluates the risks associated with the attributes of the
Customer at onboarding. The Continuous Customer Risk Rating (“cCRRˮ) model evaluates all new
and/or active Customers daily to define the risk rating for Customers. High-risk merchants are
identified through the cCRR program, which assesses Customer profiles, assigns risk ratings, and
continuously monitors risk levels. High-risk classification is determined based on:
● Intrinsic Risk: Factors that override empirical evaluation, such as an association with a
Politically Exposed Person (“PEPˮ).
● Empirical Risk: Measured through a cCRR model score and minimum levels of Customer
activity who pass Gross Payment Volume (“GPVˮ) thresholds. The empirical factors may
include Customer attributes, transaction activity, etc.
● Customers classified as high risk—either intrinsically or empirically —who have passed the
GPV thresholds and have not received Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDDˮ) review in the past 12
months are immediately flagged for EDD review to mitigate financial crime risks.

5. Customer Due Diligence
5.1 Risk Based Customer Due Diligence
SIL performs CDD according to Section 30B1 of the CJA 2010. SIL identifies and assess ML/TF
risk in relation to a Customer or particular transaction in order to determine the level of CDD
required in accordance with Sections 33 and 35 of the CJA 2010. In terms of CDD obligations for
ongoing monitoring of Customers, according to Section 353 of the CJA 2010, SIL monitors any
business relationship that it has with a Customer to the extent reasonably warranted by the risk of
ML/TF. In terms of periodic review of Customers, SIL has in place a well-documented and
well-established monitoring program, which is demonstrative of a risk-based approach, where
high-risk Customers are reviewed on a frequent basis, usually annually.
Section 331a of the CJA 2010 requires firms to identify and verify the identity of a Customer or
beneficial owner prior to establishing a business relationship with the Customer. However, Section
335 of the CJA 2010 allows firms to identify and verify the identity of a Customer or beneficial
owner during the establishment of a business relationship, where a firm reasonably believes that:
(a) Verifying the identity of the Customer or beneficial owner (as the case may be) prior to the
establishment of the relationship would interrupt the normal conduct of business; and
(b) There is no real risk that the Customer is involved in, or the service sought by the Customer is
for the purpose of ML orTF.
In such circumstances, SIL takes reasonable steps to verify the identity of the Customer or
beneficial owner as soon as practicable. The CBI has not prescribed or defined examples of
documentation that it considers would satisfy Customer identification and verification
requirements. For the avoidance of doubt, SIL applies a risk-based approach, and maintains lists of
documents, which will be accepted in satisfaction of CDD obligations and in accordance with
relevant national and international laws and standards, taking into account other obligations such
as financial inclusion and data protection, the list of acceptable documents are detailed in the
know your Customer (“KYCˮ) procedures.
Section 336 of the CJA 2010 allows for circumstances where an account may be opened prior to
CDD being complete. However, transactions may not be carried out by or on behalf of the
Customer or beneficial owner until CDD is complete.
Prior to a Customer transacting, SIL performs onboarding screening for sanctions, convicted
money launderers, and terrorist financiers. Customers detected in this screening are prevented
from completing the KYC process and are prevented from transacting.
5.2 Politically Exposed Person
As per Section 37 of the CJA 2010, a PEP is an individual who is, or has at any time in the
preceding 12 months, been entrusted with a prominent public function, including either of the
following individuals (but not including any middle ranking or more junior official):

(a) a specified official; or
(b) a member of the administrative, management, or supervisory body of a state-owned
enterprise.
A "specified official" is any of the following officials (including any such officials in an institution of
the European Communities or an international body):
● a head of state, head of government, government minister or deputy, or assistant
government minister;
● a member of a parliament or of a similar legislative body; a member of the governing
body of a political party;
● a member of a supreme court, constitutional court, or other high level judicial body
whose decisions, other than in exceptional circumstances, are not subject to further
appeal; a member of a court of auditors or of the board of a central bank; or
● an ambassador, chargé d'affairs, or high-ranking officer in the armed forces; a director,
deputy director, or member of the board of, or person performing the equivalent
function in relation to, an international organisation.
The risk associated with PEPs also extends to members of their immediate families and to known
close associates.
An immediate family member of a PEP includes any of the following persons:
● any spouse of the PEP;
● any person who is considered to be equivalent to a spouse of the PEP under the national or
other law of the place where the person or PEP resides;
● any child of the PEP;
● any spouse of a child of the PEP;
● any person considered to be equivalent to a spouse of a child of the PEP under the national
or other law of the place where the person or child resides;
● any parent of the PEP; and
● any other family member of the PEP who is of a prescribed class.
A close associate of a PEP includes any of the following persons:
● any individual who has joint beneficial ownership of a legal entity or legal arrangement, or
any other close business relations, with the PEP; or
● any individual who has sole beneficial ownership of a legal entity or legal arrangement set
up for the actual benefit of the PEP.
5.3 Negative News Adverse Media)
SIL conducts negative news screening on its Customers. If adverse information is found on a
Customer, the case is escalated to the MLRO to review all the information available and make a
determination as to whether the information is detrimental to the potential Customer and to

subsequently make a decision to approve or decline the business relationship and document the
rationale used.
5.4 Enhanced Due Diligence
SIL adopts an approach to Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDDˮ) that is in line with Section 37 to 39 of
the CJA 2010, whereby EDD is applied in all of the following circumstances (where applicable):
● Where the Customer, or the Customerʼs beneficial owner, is a PEP;
● Where the Customer is high risk per the aCRR or cCRR models;
● Where SIL deals with a Customer (whether a natural person or legal entity) established
in high-risk third countries; and
● To a business relationship or transaction that SIL has identified as presenting a higher
degree of risk.
5.5 Simplified Due Diligence
SIL does not apply Simplified Due Diligence (“SDDˮ) to any of its Customers at this time.
6. Role of Chief Compliance Officer
The CCO1 is principally responsible for:
● Receiving reports of potentially suspicious activity from any Staff Member of or officer
in SIL or from external sources such as law enforcement and considering all alerts and
evaluating whether there is, or seems to be, any evidence of ML/TF or other financial
crime;
● Ensuring that a risk assessment of ML/TF is carried out and presented to Senior
Management and the Board;
● Confirming and reporting any suspicious activity or transaction to the relevant local
government or law enforcement agency by completing and submitting a suspicious
activity report;
● Ensuring that there are appropriate systems and processes in place to respond fully
and rapidly to enquiries by law enforcement agencies including An Garda Síochána,
Interpol, and the Revenue Commissioners;
● Ensuring AML/CFT/FS procedures and controls are in place and operating efficiently;
● Implementing a program to monitor any situations of higher risk of ML or TF; and
adequacy of procedures for recordkeeping in relation to financial crime;
● Training Staff and the Board in the prevention of ML and TF;
● Designating appropriate responsibilities and actions to other key individuals and team
members who possess the requisite skills and knowledge to execute such tasks;
● The approval of outsourcing compliance activity, including outsourcing intragroup, in
line with global and local outsourcing policies;
1 The title CCO and CCO EU have been used interchangeably throughout this document.

● Informing Senior Management and members of the Board on material compliance
matters, key program updates, and key risk indicators and metrics on a regular basis
through quarterly updates to the Board and annual MLRO reports.
6.1 Role of MLRO
The CCO and MLRO, as appointed by SIL, is responsible for AML/CFT controls and engages with
the Block, Inc. teams in various ways, including, but not limited to, the following:
● Periodically receiving, reviewing, and challenging management information where
appropriate;
● Conducting monthly calls with various teams;
● Visiting Block, Inc. headquarters at least annually; and
● Reviewing changes and process updates to outsource services.
The topics discussed typically include the following:
● Management information on alerts received or discounted (transaction monitoring alerts
and screening);
● Escalations received;
● Updates on staffing needs, attrition rates, and trainings; and
● Backlogs and root/cause analysis of any Compliance-owned issues identified.
The CCO is also supported by a Deputy Head of Compliance and MLRO who aids the CCO in
overseeing and supporting the compliance function within the firm.
7. Policies and procedures
In line with Section 54 of the CJA 2010, SIL has adopted policies, controls, and procedures
covering the responsibility of Senior Management to prevent ML/TF, and of all Staff members to
escalate any suspicious activities or any other matter that requires escalation. Policies and
procedures are made available to all Staff.
8. Transaction Monitoring
SIL monitors the activity of Customers to identify (with regard to ML/TF risk) any transactions,
patterns, or behaviours which appear to be potentially suspicious. SIL uses a combination of
analytic models, in-house front-end software applications, vendor-supported analytics, and
manual analysis to review activity on an ongoing basis from the beginning to the end of the
business relationship.
SIL adopts the ongoing monitoring requirements under Section 353 of the CJA 2010, to monitor
any business relationship that it has with a Customer to the extent reasonably warranted by the
risk of ML/TF. SIL conducts periodic reviews on its Customers as detailed in KYC/CDD procedures.

The output from the analytic models is reviewed using a set of factors to determine whether the
activity is potentially suspicious.
SIL acknowledges that certain types of businesses are more likely to be associated with ML.
Accordingly, all businesses that are classified in one of the following categories receive increased
scrutiny from the Compliance team:
● Individual use;
● Political organisation;
● Charitable organisations; and
● Professional services.
It is important to ensure that SIL keeps abreast of new typologies, changes to typologies (e.g. new
corridors of activity, new thresholds, etc.) In this regard, SIL partners with the Compliance
Infrastructure and Analytics team to ensure that the transaction monitoring program reflects the
risk in the activities of its Customers.
In addition, SIL reflects the nature of the regulated area in which it operates; National Risk
Assessments, updates from regulators, law enforcement, and trade organisations also inform the
risk-based approach of SIL. The teams carrying out transaction monitoring must therefore be
trained on a regular basis to ensure that their knowledge is up-to-date and a reflection of the risk
in the market.
9. Reporting of Suspicious Activity
9.1 Reporting
SIL reports potentially suspicious transactions or activity to the Financial Intelligence Unit (“FIUˮ)
and the Revenue Commissioners by completing a suspicious activity or transaction report within
the stated or recommended timeframe required under Irish law and collects and maintains
supporting documentation required by applicable record retention requirements.
SIL follows Irish regulatory requirements to determine the time period to file a suspicious activity
report. SIL files a suspicious activity report and notifies law enforcement of all Customers,
transactions, and activities that raise an identifiable suspicion of criminal, terrorist, fraudulent, or
corrupt activity via the STR filing process, including tax evasion. All STR filings are made to the FIU
and the Revenue Commissioners.
Any Staff Member (including contractor, director, officer, or agent) of SIL or Block, Inc. who
becomes aware of any potentially suspicious activity by a Customer at any time or becomes aware
of a significant risk posed by a Customer to SIL, including reputational risks, must immediately
internally escalate by referring the activity to the Compliance team. Once this reporting is done, the
individual has discharged their personal obligation in this respect. SIL maintains STR processes
and procedures in line with this AML/CFT program.

For the avoidance of doubt, SIL does not use any agents or relevant third parties to comply with its
CDD obligations.
The CCO may designate the above duties to the deputy MLRO or other SIL Compliance Staff
Members as necessary for the adherence to regulatory requirements, these designations are
identified and approved on an annual basis by the CCO in accordance with the SIL Annual CCO
Designee Approval for Investigations procedure.
9.2 Internal Escalations
Internal escalation can be reported to the CCO via numerous avenues including gmail, a
cloud-based application for sales and support Staff, and a messenger tool for intercompany
communication where the Compliance team has a dedicated channel for interaction with Staff
members. Staff members may also raise and notify any concerns of potential suspicious activity or
transactions through SILʼs in-house monitoring system (ˮRegulatorˮ) by using a specific hashtag
which is monitored by the Compliance and Risk Management Teams.
9.3 Regulatory Reporting
Licensing and other local regulatory requirements drive obligations for regulatory filing. SIL
complies with all licensing and local regulatory requirements as applicable on the required
frequency or on request.
9.4 Confidentiality and Tipping Off
All STRs are confidential. Confidential information also includes any documentation stating that a
STR was or was not filed and the basis on which the decision was made. Local regulations make it
an offence to say or do anything that may tip off another person that a suspicion has been raised,
to disclose to a third person that a STR has been filed, or to disclose that an investigation into an
offence is being contemplated or carried out if that disclosure is likely to prejudice any criminal
investigation.
All STRs and STR contemplation, whether resulting in filing or a no-STR decision, must not be
disclosed or even hinted to the Customer, or other subjects of the STR, or anyone within SIL or its
parent company or affiliated companies that does not have a need to know of such actions.
SIL holds suspicious activity reports and any supporting documentation in a confidential folder. SIL
does not inform anyone outside of a law enforcement or regulatory agency about the details of a
STR. In addition, the details of suspicious activity report filings and copies of supporting
documentation are segregated from other SIL records to avoid disclosing suspicious activity report
details.
9.5 Sharing Information
In accordance with local laws and regulations, SIL responds to law enforcement, regulatory body,
and government agency requests for documentation on Customers by searching SILʼs records to
determine whether SIL has engaged in any transaction with the individual, entity, or merchant

named in the request. If a match is found, it is reported to the appropriate authority. If a match is
not found, then SIL will respond if required in accordance with local laws and regulations.
SIL does not disclose the fact that an information request has been made or that information has
been obtained from any Customers, except to the extent necessary to comply with the information
request from a law enforcement or regulatory body.
SIL does not use information provided for any purpose other than:
● To report to appropriate law enforcement or government agency;
● To determine whether to establish or maintain a relationship; or
● To assist SIL in complying with any information sharing regulatory requirements.
The CCO reviews the content of such reports to:
● Determine whether STRs are warranted;
● Consider whether SILʼs monitoring program needs refinement, in light of the intelligence
from such requests; and
● Report to the Board and Senior Management on the nature of such activity occurring
utilising SILʼs infrastructure.
9.6 Outsourced AML/CFT/FS Activity
SIL acknowledges that the majority of AML/CFT and screening operational activity is outsourced to
Block. SIL maintains oversight of these activities through the use of robust Service Level
Agreements (“SLAsˮ), regular engagement, and oversight through service standards reviews and
assurance testing conducted by the Compliance team and the monitoring and testing group
functions.
Where AML/CFT/FS activity is outsourced, SIL ensures that all Staff at the outsourced service
provider performing AML/CFT/FS activities on behalf of SIL have been appropriately trained on the
risks relevant to SIL and the applicable legislation relevant to the Staffʼs obligations and
responsibilities.
10. Data
SIL gathers all required Customer personal information as applicable to the products and services
utilised by the Customer. The personal information gathered per KYC requirements is used only for
that purpose, and Customer consent to use such data is obtained from the Customer formally
when the Customer signs up for the specific SIL product or service. SIL complies with personal
identification/information requirements as required by country laws where they are stricter than
SILʼs own policy.

11. Sanctions
11.1 Compliance Program
SIL complies with Blockʼs Global Sanctions Compliance Program in terms of screening during
onboarding, and on an ongoing basis, and follows the CBI guidelines in terms of steps to identify
true matches and report these to authorities if required.
11.2 Obligations on Firms
The CBI is one of three competent authorities with responsibilities in relation to financial sanctions
in Ireland. The other Irish competent authorities are the Department of Business, Enterprise and
Innovation and the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
11.3 Reporting
In the event that a match or a 'hit' occurs against a sanctioned individual or entity, SIL immediately
freezes the account and/or stops the transaction. SIL reports true sanctions hits to the CBI via
sanctions@centralbank.ie. The CBI is obliged to report financial sanctions true hits to the European
Commission and to the FIU.
11..4 Governance
SIL ensures that the Board is fully aware of its sanctions obligations and conducts a risk
assessment to ensure that the risks are identified and appropriate controls, such as screening, are
put in place.
12. Quality Control
A quality control process exists for the Blockʼs Seller Monitoring and Watchlist Program and is a
process to review the quality of investigative research, actions, documentation, and associated
outcomes. The results identify opportunities for training and development, as well as continuous
improvement for local Compliance teams and the AML/CFT Program overall. The process includes
gathering feedback from analysts regarding any concerns noted during the quality assurance
review, retraining, and providing corrective actions for issues noted, as applicable.
13 Regular Independent Assessment
SILʼs AML/CFT Program is assessed for effectiveness through regulatory examinations, internal
audits, and independent reviews, as required. The CCO assigns the audit responsibility to an
individual who is both independent and has the experience and skill to conduct a thorough and
effective independent review. The reviewer may be a member of SIL or Block. Staff with audit or
internal control experience, an outside auditor, or some other independent professional.
Currently, the CCO has assigned the responsibility to SILʼs Internal Audit team who in turn have
contracted with one of the “Big 4ˮ external auditing firms to conduct the annual assessment. The
CCO, Senior Management, and the Board receive a written summary of the results of the audit,
recommending corrective action and monitoring compliance with those recommendations. The

Board shall hold the CCO and/or Senior Management accountable for the existence of any
deficiencies and prompt resolution of such deficiencies identified in the audit report.
14. Use of RegTech Solutions
SIL utilises innovative or “RegTechˮ solutions to assist with their AML/CFT obligations. In
accordance with Section 351 of the CJA 2010, SIL will:
● fully understand the impact the RegTech solution has on SILʼs regulatory compliance;
● ensure that the RegTech solution can achieve compliance with the AML/CFT/FS
regulations;
● ensure that the RegTech solution is capable of being audited by an independent third party;
and
● undertake a compliance risk assessment of the RegTech solution on an annual basis.
15. Compliance & Enforcement
15.1 Roles and Responsibilities
Oversight and management of SILʼs AML/CFT/FS arrangements is provided in a number of ways
through a clear and defined Governance methodology and the Three Lines of Defence (“3LODˮ)
model.
Governance:
● Senior Management & Board of Directors (“the Boardˮ): Senior Management of SIL,
including the Board made up of executive and non-executive directors, have responsibility
for managing identified ML/TF/FS risks by demonstrating active engagement in SILʼs
approach to effectively mitigating such risks. The Board meets quarterly and follows a
terms of reference which details information including role, agenda, and decision making. A
Chief Compliance Officer has been appointed by the Board to coordinate and manage SILʼs
AML/CFT/FS Compliance Program. For the avoidance of doubt Senior Management refers
to the Pre-approved Control Function (“PCFˮ) holders of the firm.
● Regulatory Governance Committee (“RGCˮ): SIL has established a Regulatory
Governance Committee which is a Senior Management committee with a terms of
reference that details information including role, agenda, and composition. SILʼs Regulatory
Governance Committee and Board are responsible for ensuring that the ML/TF risk
management measures adopted are risk-based and proportionate, informed by SILʼs
business risk assessment.
Governance & Oversight:
● SIL Senior Management is responsible for:

○ The review and approval of the business risk assessment methodology at the RGC
and at the respective Board meeting;
○ The review and approval of the business risk assessment annually;
○ The review and approval of AML/CFT policies and procedures;
○ Appointing the MLRO for SIL and a Compliance team that is adequate given the
risks faced and the outsourcing model in place by SIL;
○ Maintaining minutes from meetings where ML/TF matters are discussed (e.g., RGC
and Board meetings); and
○ Maintaining evidence of PEP approvals.
● Chief Compliance Officer : SIL has appointed an CCO who leads the AML/CFT compliance
effort and has overall responsibility for the execution of the AML/CFT program in the EU.
The CCO has the full authorisation and approval from the Board and Senior Management to
act independently of them to fulfil the role.
● Money Laundering Reporting Officer: SIL has appointed an MLRO who has sufficient and
appropriate AML/CFT knowledge and expertise; and has the autonomy and ability to
escalate matters to the Board, if required. The MLRO provides regular and timely
management information to Senior Management regarding the AML/CFT activities of SIL
through the Board and RGC. The MLRO produces an MLRO Report annually, in accordance
with the requirements of section 6.3.1 of the CBI Guidelines.
● Three Lines of Defence: SIL has adopted a three lines of defence model that ensures the
following:
○ There is adequate coordination between the first line business/operational teams
including Risk, Compliance, and Internal Audit, to ensure effective oversight and
effective coordination of resources to manage overlap in areas of review;
○ Second and third line work plans are risk-based with all risks and controls,
including AML/CFT/FS, reviewed on a regular basis commensurate with the risk;
○ The CCO is involved in the planning of the scheduled second line of defence
reviews and in the closing of the findings arising from second line and third line of
defence reviews of the AML/CFT/FS program;
○ All issues are effectively tracked and managed to resolution;
○ Risk, Compliance, and Internal Audit teams are independent and resourced with
Staff knowledgeable of AML/CFT/FS.
15.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the CCO/MLRO and/or their designee; monitors and oversees the
implementation and effectiveness of SILʼs Financial Crime Program and informs senior
management and the Board on material compliance matters, key program updates, key risk
indicators and metrics on a regular basis through quarterly updates to the Board and monthly
updates to the RGC.

15.3 Training:
New Hire Training
At a SIL-wide level, all new Staff Members receive AML/CFT training through an online-based
interactive training course. The course is updated annually, at a minimum, and concludes with a
mandatory comprehension assessment.
Refresher Training
All Staff Members are required to take refresher training on an annual basis. The AML/CFT training
is designed to enable Staff members to understand:
● What activities amount to ML/TF and how they should be reported;
● Key elements of AML/CFT laws, including coverage of:
○ Developing and maintaining an AML/CFT Program and key features;
○ SILʼs KYC obligations;
○ SILʼs reporting obligations; and
○ Recordkeeping and retention obligations.
● Types of ML/TF risks and how Staff Members are able to spot these risks;
● Consequences of non-compliance with the AML/CFT laws, on SIL and its Staff; and,
● The societal effect of the failure to implement effective AML/CFT programs.
Targeted AML Training
SIL provides the following targeted trainings:
● Irish-based AML/CFT/FS training for all SIL Staff;
● Board training, in person or via video conference on an annual basis; and
● Compliance personnel training tailored to the compliance role, regulatory issues, and risks
specific to the EU region.
Training may include:
● Webinars provided by established AML organisations, such as the Association of Certified
Anti-Money Laundering Specialists (“ACAMSˮ), the International Compliance Association
(“ICAˮ) or government entities;
● Distribution of written materials;
● AML conferences;
● Department meetings; or,
● Other internally-developed training sessions.
Additionally, processes are thoroughly documented, enabling new Staff members to quickly and
effectively learn and perform their core job functions.
15.4 Record Retention
SILʼs policy is to maintain, for at least five 5 years from the end of the business relationship, all
necessary records as they relate to Customers, including but not limited to the following:

● electronic record, copy, or extract of the record as it relates to the KYC program;
● Supporting documentation as it relates to Customer transaction activity; and
● monitoring and reporting of potentially suspicious activity.
SIL considers the end of the business relationship to occur when the final transaction is processed
or when the Customer terminates its business relationship with SIL.
As it relates to the SIL business, SIL maintains, for at least five 5 years, the following:
● Employee training records;
● AML/CFT Program documentation and supporting material; and,
● Reports under the supervision of the CCO (e.g., reporting to Senior Management, the
Board, and the CBI.)
When applicable, SIL maintains records in compliance with local regulations where retention
requirements are longer than SIL's own policies. The CCO is responsible for ensuring that the
appropriate records are maintained.
15.5 Exceptions
Exceptions to this program must be pre-approved by the CCO or their designee. Staff members
may submit exception requests for review at go/policyhelp.
15.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
16. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Program, please contact the Program owner.
Review related documents:
○ EEA KYC Procedures
○ SIL EEA Suspicious Transaction Reporting
17. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Ad hoc updates may be warranted if any of the following occur:

● There are material changes to AML/CFT/FS legislation or guidance;
● SIL offers new or additional product and services, or makes material changes to existing
products or services;
● SIL expands its business in the future and the processes outlined in this program are no
longer sufficient to guard against ML/TF risks posed by the new business;
● The CCO believes a change in the ML/TF risk posed by the products and services offered
justifies a change to program; or
● Changes are required as a result of internal or external audits, testing, or monitoring.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Charles CCO EU Creation Creation August, 2020
McCarthy
Charles CCO EU Initial December,
McCarthy Approval 2020
Board of Not Initial December,
Directors Applicable Approval 2020
Charles CCO EU Material Split Cash & December,
McCarthy Change Seller AML/CTF 2021
Approval Program
Board of Not n/a December 16,
Directors Applicable 2021
Elizabeth CCO EU Material Updated for post September,
Henry Change - CBI inspection 2022
Approval feedback.
Board of Not
Directors Applicable
Elizabeth CCO EU Immaterial Timing of Board January, 2023
Henry Change approving the
Approval Enterprise Wide
Risk Assessment
& testing record
retention.
Noted at Q1
Board - Minor
Changes)
Elizabeth CCO EU Material Updated to add September,
Henry Change in requirements 2023
Approval on the use of

RegTech
solutions.
Adjusted the
reason for EDD.
Elizabeth CCO EU Scheduled n/a December,
Henry Review 2023
Board of Not December,
Directors Applicable 2023
Elizabeth CCO EU Scheduled New template, December 11,
Henry Review streamlined 2024
sections + New
Board of Not text included to: December 11,
Directors Applicable - define 2024
Immediate family
members &
Close
Associates of
PEPʼs.
- Update text for
Adverse Media,
CCO designees
and SILʼs risk
based approach
to KYC.
Elizabeth CCO EU Scheduled Aligned with the Sep 8, 2025
Henry Review new policy
template.
SIL Board of Board September 25,
Renamed to
Directors 2025
Financial Crime
Program.
New section
included with
simplified language
that explains in a
less technical
manner how the
aCRR and cCRR
operate.
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Europe

Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Chief Compliance Officer EU
Approved By SIL Board of Directors
Document Tier Tier 2