Compliance Real Time Transaction Blocking
Program
Cash App | US
Last Approved: Aug 19, 2025
Effective Date: Aug 19, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Cash App is committed to complying with applicable laws, regulations,
and guidelines to monitor, detect, prevent, and report possible money laundering, financial crimes,
and terrorist financing.
The Real-time Transaction Blocking ("RTB") Program ("Program") is an additional component to
the existing Transaction Monitoring ("TM") and Unacceptable Use Policy ("UUP") Programs.
This Program provides a mechanism to evaluate attempted transactions in real-time, automatically
preventing or blocking them if specific compliance concerns are detected. This is a 'preventive'
program that complements the 'detective' TM and UUP programs. Any transactional activity not
assessed by the RTB process will still be subject to detection by the downstream TM and UUP
monitoring rules. This Program is established and maintained to help proactively reduce the overall
risk of the Cash App platform by preventing suspected illicit, suspicious and/or terms of service
violations activity from occurring on the platform.
Cash App utilizes rules that consist of proprietary algorithms (machine-learning, heuristics or some
combination thereof) to evaluate and block transactions in real-time. These rules are established
and maintained by the Risk Machine Learning team. Any new rules or recommended changes to
the existing rules are reviewed and approved by the Financial Crimes Detections program and in
accordance with the Model Change Management Process.
The Program is applicable to transaction blocking rules targeted at Compliance Concerns.
Scope: This Program is established by Cash App and is applicable to all Cash App products in the
United States.

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Real time Transaction Blocking A system that evaluates a transaction in flight and makes a
("RTB") System decision to block transaction based on the rule output.
Good Customer Any user of the platform that is not involved in perpetrating
fraud, scam, illegal/suspicious activity or Terms of Service
violations in any form or fashion.
Good Transaction Any transaction on the platform that is not involved in
perpetrating fraud, scam, illegal/suspicious activity or Terms
of Service violations in any form or fashion.
Customer) Insult Any negative action on a good customer account or action
that ends up negatively impacting that customers' experience
or ability to transact on the platform.
Compliance Concern A type of bad activity that Compliance actively monitors/seeks
to prevent. (e.g., illegal drug sales, money laundering, adult
services).
Staff Member All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who
support the operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this
Program, and include interns, temporary workers, consultants,
vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
2. Program Requirements
2.1 Process Presentation
Fig. 1 - Real-time transaction evaluation and blocking system

Fig. 2 - Offline rule performance measurement loop
2.2 Transaction Evaluation, Blocking and Attribution
RTB is specific to a particular payment type (e.g., a fiat peer to peer payment or a fiat remittance
payment type). Additionally, different rules may be targeted at one or more Compliance Concerns
(e.g., Prostitution prevention rule or a Drug trafficking prevention rule) for the same payment type.
Multiple rules may even target the same Compliance Concern. Therefore, this Program will include
multiple rules across multiple payment types and Compliance Concerns combined. Each payment
type may have multiple rule evaluations and each rule can make a decision to block independently
of other rules. When multiple rules evaluate a payment type, the decision to block will be true if
any of the rules decide to block the payment (aka OR mechanism). If multiple rules make a
decision to block, the block will be attributed to the rule corresponding to the highest risk
Compliance Concern for metrics tracking purposes.
2.3 Quality Control
RTB rules aim to maximize the number of 'bad' transactions blocked; however, these rules are
likely to have false positives that result in 'good' transactions (aka 'insults') getting wrongly
blocked. Therefore, it is also important to track the false positive rates of these rules on an ongoing
basis to take any corrective actions as necessary.
2.4 Key Metrics
The Program seeks to maximize the RTB rules' Recall performance ( aka the true positive rate).
Since the rules have to balance against 'insults', Recall is typically optimized over iterative rule
improvements and tuning. Each rule (or set of rules) is also designed (and continuously monitored)
to keep insult rates within a predetermined tolerance level.
The key metrics are -
Recall = number of True Positives / number of True Positives + False Negatives)
Insult Rate = 1 - Precision) * Block Rate

Block Rate = number of transaction attempts blocked / total number of transactions
Precision = number of True Positives / number of True Positives + False Positives)
The insult tolerance for a specific rule (or set of rules) is determined on a case by case basis in
consultation with Compliance Detections Program and Business leadership and is set based on the
risk severity of the Compliance Concern being targeted by the rule.
2.5 Compliance Specialist Review
The Program will rely on Compliance Specialists to conduct reviews to track rule performance on
an ongoing basis. Since the rule actions are automated (in real time), the reviews performed by
Compliance Specialists will be conducted periodically through offline processes (typically weekly,
biweekly or a monthly cadence). Depending on the risk severity of the Compliance concern being
targeted, either a representative sample or one hundred percent of the transaction blocks are
reviewed by humans. The decisions from these reviews will form the basis for generating true and
false positive labels required to assess the performance of a specific rule (or set of rules) on an
ongoing basis. Reviews may also include "below the line" ("BTL") alerts (i.e. transactions that were
not actually blocked by the rule) required to estimate model Recall.
As part of the review, the agent will take all the necessary actions including escalation to the SAR
team, as appropriate.
2.6 Tuning Criteria
Tuning criteria is trigger based (as opposed to cadence based). The rule performance is tracked
on an ongoing basis and failing to meet set performance targets will result in a review and possible
rule re-tuning (which may include an underlying machine learning model rebuild).
Additionally, a rule may be pro-actively re-tuned to improve the target metric (i.e. Recall) iteratively
even if the insult rates are below the predetermined tolerance levels.
2.7 Rule Audit
Every transaction that is scored by a Program rule will log input signal values (this includes both
the heuristics and machine learning model input signals) and the rule output (score and decision).
This is maintained for replayability of the decision for audit reasons.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● Compliance Operations:
○ Review (sample of) alerts and investigate associated activity; and Decision alerts
and escalate activity as necessary.
● Risk Machine Learning:
○ Maintenance of the Program document; Establish and maintain rules, parameters
and thresholds; Monitor rule performance on an ongoing basis; Emergency rule
shut off; Retune the rule as necessary; and Provide reporting to senior leadership

on model performance and enhancement. Help determine the insult tolerance for
the rules; and Act in a consultative capacity around best practices for RTB rules
and systems.
● Detections Program:
○ Oversight of the program and process for the RTB rules
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Program Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4 Exceptions
Exception requests must be pre-approved by the Head of Automation ML - Risk, Block or their
designee. Staff Members may submit exception requests for review at go/policyhelp.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Program, please contact the Program Owner.
Review related documents:
● Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program
● Block Change Management Procedure
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.

Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Vijay Sathish Head of Creation Mar 6, 2024
Compliance
Engineering &
Technology -
Data, Cash App
Tyler Hand Head of Initial Approval Mar 15, 2024
Compliance,
Cash App
Tyler Hand Head of Immaterial Provided Jun 3, 2024
Compliance, Change Approval additional minor
Cash App edits and
comments.
Megan Gonzales Head of Financial Scheduled No material Aug 19, 2025
Crimes Review updates.
Compliance Alignment of
content and
sections to meet
document
template
requirements
Document Details:
Business Cash App
Scope Regional US
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Head of Automation ML - Risk, Block
Approved By Head of Financial Crimes Compliance
Document Tier Tier 3