Regulatory Change Management Standard
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Jan 29, 2026
Effective Date: Jan 29, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Block, Inc. (“Blockˮ) conducts business in compliance with all
applicable laws, rules, and regulations (“LRRsˮ). This Regulatory Change Management (“RCMˮ)
Standard (“Standardˮ) is designed with the objective of ensuring consistent and effective
compliance with currently applicable LRRs. To meet this objective, this Standard establishes the
framework for systematically managing and adapting to Regulatory Changes that impact Blockʼs
customer facing activities, services and operations (“Customer Impacting Activitiesˮ) within the
jurisdictions that it operates. RCM is an end-to-end process that supports Block identifying,
managing, and maintaining effective and consistent compliance with the LRRs that are applicable
to its Customer Impacting Activities.
This Standard is designed to establish a framework for:
● Defining the overarching guiding principles for managing Regulatory Changes
● Establishing roles and responsibilities to drive accountability for the overall Regulatory
Change management process
● Tracking and monitoring enacted LRRs within the scope of RCM
● Communicating changes to LRRs to the impacted stakeholders
● Ensuring that stakeholders implement risk mitigation measures and document compliance
with applicable LRRs
Scope: This standard is established by Block to set out a consistent and effective approach to
managing compliance with enacted LRRs applicable to its U.S. based operations. Regulatory
changes include changes to existing LRRs, along with newly enacted LRRs. The following are
outside the scope of RCM (i) laws applicable to proposed or contemplated products until the
product is made available to customers, (ii) LRRs applicable to Blockʼs non-Customer Impacting
Activities, and (iii) LRRs applicable solely to Cash App Taxes.
1

The scope of LRRs covered by this Standard will constantly change. The Regulatory Change
Management team will incorporate additional LRRs to the Obligations library as it becomes aware
of new or changed LRRs and new or changed Customer Impacting Activities.
This Standard governs the management of go-forward regulatory changes, and does not apply to
regulatory changes enacted prior to the RCM program launch date Sept 30, 2025.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Applicability Refers to determining which LRRs (also referred to collectively as
Obligations) govern Blockʼs Customer Impacting Activities.
Ascent An AI driven Regulatory Change Management tool that allows Block to track
new and changed LRRs. Ascent breaks the LRRs into Obligations, and
facilitates the systematic review of new or changed Obligations to
determine Applicability.
Customer Customer Impacting Activities includes all of Blockʼs products, services, and
Impacting directly supporting operations. It does not include Blockʼs corporate
Activities activities, such as corporate governance, tax compliance, and Blockʼs
employee related activities.
Directly DRI is a designated/directly responsible individual, accountable for decision
Responsible making. Go/DRI
Individual (“DRIˮ)
LRR A law, rule, or regulation duly enacted by a governing body in a jurisdiction.
Obligation Any individual requirement or expectation that Block must comply with to
fulfil legal and compliance responsibilities.
Protecht Protecht is a Governance Risk and Compliance (“GRCˮ) tool managed by
Enterprise Risk Management (“ERMˮ) that Block utilizes to enable
Compliance Risk Management programs, including RCM. Protecht serves as
a system of record for RCM.
Regulatory
Change Any addition, removal, or modification of LRRs.
Regulatory Regulatory Change Management is a process designed to monitor, track,
Change review, and ensure measures are taken to comply with Regulatory Changes
Management that are applicable to Customer Impacting Activities.
Regulatory Regulatory Change Owners are Staff Members responsible for managing
Change Owner the assessment and implementation of regulatory changes. Regulatory
Change owners serve as the conduit to the business. Regulatory Change
Owners typically consist of Product Compliance Managers, Compliance
2

Terminology Definition
Program Leads or Managers, or other individuals responsible for ensuring a
Regulatory Change has been assessed and relevant risk treatments have
been fully executed and evidenced appropriately. The Regulatory Change
Owner will be responsible for representing that the Regulatory Change is
ready for closure by ensuring that all necessary actions have been taken to
ensure compliance with the Regulatory Change for the brand or product
they represent.
Regulatory Library A centralized collection of LRRs applicable to Blockʼs Customer Impacting
Activities.
RCM Program The individuals designated by Counsel and Compliance, respectively, to
Manager manage the RCM program.
Staff Member(s) An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired
by Block who supports the operations covered by this RCM Program.
2. Standard Requirements
This Standard establishes a cohesive framework that guides Blockʼs RCM process, promoting
uniformity across all activities associated with Regulatory Changes. It is structured into key
elements, each representing a crucial component of the end-to-end programmatic approach to
effectively managing Regulatory Changes. The RCM framework utilizes two tools: 1 Ascent, which
identifies Regulatory Changes and reduces them into Obligations, and 2 Protecht, which is Blockʼs
GRC tool and RCM system of record. The efficacy of the RCM process is monitored by the RCM
Program Managers.
2.1. Obligation Identification
Through Ascent, Regulatory Counsel monitors LRRs to identify Regulatory Changes that impact
Customer Impacting Activities. Regulatory Counsel monitors more broadly than existing LRRs to
ensure it identifies new and changed Applicable LRRs not currently included in the Regulatory
Library.
2.2. Block Applicability Assessment
The relevant Counsel subject matter expert (“SMEˮ) is responsible for determining which Obligations
shall enter the Regulatory Change Management process because Counsel has determined that they
are applicable to Blockʼs Customer Impacting Activities. Once determined Applicable to Customer
Impacting Activities, the SME makes a preliminary determination as to which Block brand(s) the
Regulatory Change may apply.
3

Obligations deemed applicable to Block are then assessed for a product-level Applicability
determination.
In some cases, a determination may be made that a Regulatory Change is “immaterial,ˮ i.e., it has no
or de minimis impact on Customer Impacting Activities. Examples include, but are not limited to,
minor grammatical or non-substantive changes to an obligation. Where it has been determined that
the change is immaterial, an RCM Program Manager or other stakeholder may determine that it is
appropriate to bypass completion of the Risk Assessment and close the Regulatory Change with
sufficient justification.
2.3. RCM Risk Assessment
The RCM Risk Assessment measures the impact of Regulatory Changes and assesses the current
control environment, which enables assessment of the calculated residual risk. The RCM Risk
Assessment utilizes the Enterprise Risk Management ERM Methodology and scales with the intent
of assessing Blockʼs readiness for complying with Regulatory Changes. An RCM Risk Assessment
must be completed by the assigned Regulatory Change Owner for each applicable Block brand,
unless the Regulatory Change is deemed immaterial as described above. The Regulatory Change
Owner(s) will typically be a Product Compliance Manager (“PCMˮ), International Compliance Lead,
Financial Crime Program Managers, or Consumer Protection Compliance Program Managers
responsible for evaluating the regulatory risks associated with the Regulatory Change and assessing
the adequacy of existing controls to mitigate these risks. In consultation with Compliance leadership
and key stakeholders, an RCM Program Manager will assign a Regulatory Change Owner for each
impacted brand.
An RCM Risk Assessment must be performed for, or aligned to, each Regulatory Change. In the
event that one RCM Risk Assessment can be performed for multiple associated new/changed
obligations, that Risk Assessment must be manually aligned to each applicable obligation in Protecht.
The RCM Risk Assessment follows the below steps:
1. Impact Assessment (absent controls)
2. Probability Assessment (absent controls), which comprises:
a. Likelihood Assessment (absent controls)
b. Frequency/Exposure Analysis
3. Control Assessment (degree of mitigation)
4. Residual Risk outcomes
The RCM Risk Assessment process and corresponding results are intended to inform decisions
made in the Risk Treatment phase of the Regulatory Change Management process. The residual risk
outcomes should be indicative of the priority and/or urgency of the Regulatory Change, and should
also correlate to the type and scope of action that must be taken to address the Regulatory Change.
4

2.3.1. Inherent Risk Assessment
Inherent risk is the pure risk exposure that exists prior to consideration of controls or other mitigation
and management activities. The risk of Regulatory Changes are assessed to establish the severity of
consequences (impact) and their probability of occurrence (likelihood + frequency of exposure).
Impact Assessment: The impact of a potential risk event to Block without controls in place to
mitigate the risk. Refers to the potential consequences or severity of a risk occurring. See the
Impact Rating guidance in Protecht).
Likelihood: Quantifies the chance or frequency with which a specific risk is expected to occur based
on historical data, expert judgment, or analysis.
Frequency of Exposure: Measures the rate of risk inducing activity (exposure rate) - how often
Block puts itself in a position where the risk inducing activity could happen. It does not indicate how
often risk inducing activity actually occurs.
2.3.2. Control Assessment
A control is a specific measure, process, procedure, mitigating factor or management action
implemented by Block to mitigate risks and help ensure that objectives are achieved effectively and
efficiently.
The Control Assessment evaluates the combined effectiveness of the set of controls (control
environment) as it relates to the requirements imposed by the new or changed obligations. While
controls may presently be in place, and effective, this assessment will consider how these controls
are designed and/or operating as it relates to the risk imposed by the Regulatory Change.
The Control Assessment shall reflect the current state of the control or controls without considering
any modifications that may be made in the future.
2.3.3. Residual Risk Ratings
Residual risk is the level of risk exposure that exists after controls and mitigation strategies in place
to address identified risks have been considered. It represents the risk that has not been entirely
eliminated or mitigated by existing controls. For purposes of RCM, the Residual Risk Rating may
represent an opportunity to take action such as enhancing existing controls or developing new
controls. The Resulting Residual Risk rating will inform the decision making process when
determining the appropriate Risk Treatment.
2.4. Risk Treatment
Risk Treatment refers to the strategy or actions necessary to timely address residual risks associated
with a Regulatory Change. In determining an appropriate Risk Treatment, the Regulatory Change
Owner shall consider any gaps, weaknesses, or risk mitigation opportunities identified through the
RCM Risk Assessment process. The RCM Risk Assessment process should directly inform what
5

actions (in the form of Risk Treatments) are necessary to enable compliance with the Regulatory
Change.
The four risk treatment options are:
1. Issue Creation
2. Monitoring
3. Implementation Plan Creation
4. No Further Action Required
At least one Risk Treatment will be selected for each brand deemed impacted by a given Regulatory
Change. Multiple risk treatments can be selected for each brand as circumstances dictate. One risk
treatment (such as an Issue or Implementation Plan) may be associated with multiple Regulatory
Changes.
2.4.1. Issue Creation
An Issue is any deficiency, gap, or weakness in the design or operating effectiveness of a process or
control. For purposes of RCM, an issue should be selected as a risk treatment when the effective
date of a Regulatory Change is in the past or an Implementation Plan goes past due, and the above
definition of an issue is satisfied.
Upon opening an issue, the issue will be governed by the Enterprise Risk Management Issues
Management Program.
2.4.2. Monitoring
It may be appropriate to continue to monitor a Regulatory Change due to internal or external factors.
For example, if there is ongoing litigation or pending legislation that could substantially impact a
Regulatory Change, monitoring the external environment may be the appropriate risk treatment.
Justification provided should be clear, comprehensive, defensible, and easily understood by an
independent reader.
A monitoring timeframe must be selected to indicate the length of time the Regulatory Change will be
monitored. The timeframe should not exceed the effective date of the Regulatory Change.
Upon the earlier of 1 the conclusion of the monitoring period or 2 the effective date of the
Regulatory Change, another risk treatment must be selected.
2.4.3. Implementation Plan Creation
An Implementation Plan outlines the actions that will be taken to ensure full compliance with a
Regulatory Change. An Implementation Plan should include enough detail to document the changes
made (if any) to Blockʼs operations, products and/or services to comply with the Regulatory Change.
The actions outlined in the Implementation Plan should correlate to outcomes and tangible
deliverables that will be uploaded to evidence completion of the Implementation Plan. An
Implementation Plan should outline what will be achieved, but does not need to detail exactly how it
will be achieved.
6

Implementation Plans should drive accountability by including names/roles of individuals responsible
for a given action, along with a due date.
As appropriate, supporting documentation must be uploaded to Protecht to demonstrate completion
of the Implementation Plan.
2.4.4. No Further Action Required
For some Regulatory Changes, it may be determined that no action is necessary. The “No Further
Action Requiredˮ risk treatment can be utilized in cases where a Regulatory Change does not
necessitate action as it does not materially impact current operations, products, or services, and/or
existing compliance efforts are sufficient. The decision to take no action for a given Regulatory
Change or changes should be well reasoned and justified.
Justification provided for the “No further Action Requiredˮ risk treatment should be clear,
comprehensive, defensible and easily understood by an independent reader. As appropriate,
supporting documentation should be uploaded to Protecht.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Global Compliance Risk Standards and Assessment (“GCRSAˮ) Team :
○ The GCRSA team, in consultation with Regulatory Counsel, Product Counsel,
Compliance, and the business teams, develops the overarching guiding principles
and framework for managing Regulatory Changes. The GCRSA team supports
operationalization of this Standard through monitoring of Compliance related
processes, program oversight, reporting, and stakeholder management.
● Regulatory Counsel:
○ Regulatory Counsel, which for the purposes of this Standard only includes the
relevant Subject Matter Experts, review Regulatory Changes and work with the
Compliance and Product Counsel teams to evaluate whether a new or changed
Obligation may apply to Customer Impacting Activities. Regulatory Counsel also
interpret and advise on the Regulatory Change.
● Product Counsel:
○ Product Counsel, together with Compliance, help to determine the Applicability of
an Obligation to a Product. During the Implementation phase, Product Counsel
advises the business on how to implement Regulatory Changes to comply with
Obligations.
● Product Compliance/Compliance Managers/Compliance Leads:
○ Product Compliance Managers, Compliance Managers, or Compliance Leads,
Financial Crime Program Managers, or Consumer Protection Program Managers
(collectively referred to as “Compliance Managersˮ) together with Product Counsel,
7

help to determine the Applicability of an Obligation to a Product. Compliance
Managers are responsible for conducting the RCM Risk Assessment and for
developing, managing and documenting the risk treatment, both as set forth above.
● RCM Program Manager (“Complianceˮ):
○ The Compliance RCM Program Manager is responsible for oversight and
management of the end-to-end RCM process. This role serves as the central point
of coordination and communication between Compliance and Business
stakeholders, ensuring effective program execution. The RCM Program Manager
establishes and maintains governance frameworks, change management
strategies, and program monitoring and reporting.
● RCM Program Manager (“Legalˮ):
○ The Legal RCM Program Manager is responsible for oversight and management of
the end-to-end RCM process. This role serves as the central point of coordination
and communication between Legal stakeholders, ensuring effective program
execution. The Legal RCM Program Manager establishes and maintains governance
frameworks, change management strategies, and program monitoring and
reporting.
● Regulatory Change Owner:
○ The individual or individuals assigned responsibility for ensuring a Regulatory
Change has been assessed and relevant risk treatments have been fully executed
and evidenced appropriately. The Regulatory Change Owner will be responsible for
representing that the Regulatory Change is ready for closure by ensuring that all
necessary actions have been taken to ensure compliance with the Regulatory
Change for the brand or product they represent.
● Risk Treatment Owner:
○ Typically, the Regulatory Change Owner should act as the Risk Treatment Owner. In
some cases, the Regulatory Change Owner may delegate ownership of risk
treatment. The Risk Treatment Owner is responsible for reviewing the associated
risk assessment(s), determining the appropriate risk treatment, and ensuring that
the risk treatment is completed and satisfactorily evidenced.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to Block, Inc. management. Reporting may cover specific
information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
8

3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Compliance Management System Policy
● Issues Management Program
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
9

Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Amit Bhushan Global Initial Appro… New document January 29, 2026
Compliance Risk
Standards &
Assessment Lead
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope United States
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Program Manager, Regulatory Change Management
Approved By Global Compliance Risk Standards & Assessment Lead
Document Tier Tier 3
10