Breach Reporting Policy
Square | Square AU Pty Ltd
Last Approved: Dec 18, 2025
Effective Date: Dec 18, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Square AU Pty Ltd (“Square AUˮ) is an Australian Financial Services
License AFSL holder License Number: 513929. This Breach Reporting Policy (“Policyˮ) outlines
Square AUʼs approach to reporting a breach. The Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) Square AU is
responsible for management of this Policy.
This Policy is reviewed at least annually, and after any major regulatory change or incidents, by the
Square AU Compliance team and approved by the Square AU Board. The Policy applies to all
Square AU operations, Employees, and relevant third party service providers.
In accordance with ASIC's Regulatory Guide 78 RG 78 and Square AU Pty Ltd's obligations under
the Corporations Act, this Breach Reporting Policy outlines the framework for identifying,
assessing, escalating, and reporting breaches within the organisation. As an Australian Financial
Services AFS licensee, Square AU is mandated to report certain incidents, known as "Reportable
Situations," to ASIC. This policy details the roles and responsibilities across the organisation,
providing clear guidance on breach significance, timing, documentation and escalation to ensure
compliance and protect stakeholders.
Square AU conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The purpose
of this Policy is to further Square AUʼs Breach reporting practices by providing for processes and
guidelines to manage breaches within Square AU.
Scope: This Policy, which sets out Square AUʼs approach to breach reporting under the Australian
Financial Services Regime, is established by Square AU and is applicable to the Employees of
Square AU.
It also applies to:
● All persons engaged by Square AU (whether permanent, contract, or via third-party service
providers),

● All relevant breaches affecting Square AUʼs regulated product or service footprint in
Australia, and
● Any reporting required by contractual obligation to banking or business partners where
regulatory breach reporting is specified.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Reportable A ‘Reportable Situationʼ can fall into two categories:
Situation ● Category 1 A ‘Core Reportable Situationʼ arises in any of the
following scenarios:
○ Square Au Pty. Ltd. (“Square AUˮ) has breached a ‘Core
Obligationʼ and the breach is ‘Significantʼ;
○ Square AU is no longer able to comply with a ‘Core Obligationʼ
and the breach, if it occurs, will be ‘Significantʼ;
○ Square AU conducts an ‘Investigationʼ1 into whether there is a
Reportable Situation, and the Investigation continues for more
than 30 days2; or
○ an Investigation discloses there is no Reportable Situation
● Category 2 Gross negligence or fraud: A Category 2 Reportable
Situation may arise if:
○ in the course of providing a financial service, Square AU has
engaged in conduct constituting gross negligence;
○ Square AU has committed serious fraud3; or
○ any other circumstances prescribed by the regulations for the
purposes of this paragraph (none are prescribed).
Core Obligation ‘Core Obligationsʼ mean the obligations imposed on Square AU as an AFS
licensee in ss 912A and 912B of the Corporations Act4
Investigation Square AU conducts an ‘Investigationʼ5 if:
● there has been some information gathering or human effort applied
by Square AU to determine whether a breach has occurred or will
1 The term ‘Investigationʼ is not defined in the legislation and has its ordinary meaning. What constitutes an Investigation is
likely to vary significantly depending on the size of the licenseeʼs business, their internal systems and processes, and the
type of breach ((para 11.43 of the Explanatory Memorandum to the Financial Sector Reform Hayne Royal Commission
Response) Bill 2020 EM.
2 While Investigations about the additional Reportable Situations are not expressly required to be reported to Australian
Investments and Securities Commission (“ASICˮ) as part of the additional Reportable Situations, they may still need to be
reported if they amount to a Core Reportable Situation. That is, if the Investigation can be characterised as an Investigation
conducted by Square AU into whether there has been or will be a Significant Breach of a Core Obligation, and the
Investigation continues for more than 30 calendar days (para 11.54 of EM.
3 ‘Serious fraudʼ is defined in s 9 of the Corporations Act to mean an offence involving fraud or dishonesty, against any law,
that is punishable by imprisonment for a period of at least 3 months.
4 In respect of the obligation under paragraph 912A1c, so far as it relates to provisions of the Corporations Act or the
ASIC Act referred to in paragraph (a), (b), (ba), and (c) of the definition of ‘financial services lawʼ in section 761A. Therefore,
in relation to financial services, it is broad enough to capture obligations under Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act and
Division 2 of Part 2 of the Australian Securities and Investments Commission Act 2001 Cth ASIC Act).
5 Even where Square AU does not conduct an Investigation, there may still be a Reportable Situation if Square AU has
reasonable grounds to believe that they have breached, or will breach a Core Obligation and the breach is or will be
Significant. In other words, there may be circumstances where a Significant and reportable breach should be clear to a
licensee, even without an Investigation being conducted (para 11.49 of the EM.

occur such as:
○ communicating with representatives or staff of Square AU
who may have been involved in the relevant conduct;
○ communicating with potentially affected clients; or
○ seeking specialist or technical advice6; or
● Square AU outsources the Investigation, or if a related entity (eg
Square Inc) conducts the Investigation
Note: Merely entering a suspected compliance issue into a risk management
system is unlikely to amount to an Investigation, although this will depend on
the circumstances in each case.
We consider the time at which an Investigation commences is at the time the
matter is raised or identified by Square AU.
Significant A breach of a ‘Core Obligationʼ will be ‘Significantʼ if it falls into one of these
Breach two categories:
● Category 1 Deemed significance: A breach of a ‘Core Obligationʼ is
taken to be ‘Significantʼ if:
○ the breach is constituted by the commission of an offence
under any law and the commission of the offence is
punishable on conviction by a penalty that may include
imprisonment for a maximum period of:
○ If the offence involves dishonesty – 3 months or more; or
○ in any other case – 12 months of more;
○ the breach is constituted by the contravention of a civil
penalty provision under any law, other than a civil penalty
provision prescribed by the regulations for the purposes of
this paragraph; or
○ the breach is constituted by a contravention of subsection
1041H1 of this Act or subsection 12DA1 of the ASIC Act
(misleading or deceptive conduct in relation to a financial
product or a financial service); or
○ the breach results, or is likely to result, in material ‘loss or
damageʼ to Square AUʼs clients (which includes both retail
and wholesale clients);
○ any other circumstances prescribed by the regulations (none
are prescribed).
● Category 2 Significant based on factors: A breach of a ‘Core
Obligationʼ is ‘Significantʼ having regard to the following:
○ the number or frequency of similar previous breaches;
○ the impact of the breach or likely breach on Square AUʼs
ability to provide financial services covered by the AFS
licence;
○ the extent to which the breach or likely breach indicates that
Square AUʼs arrangements to ensure compliance with those
obligations as a licensee are inadequate.
Examples of breaches that may be Significant:
● Failure to maintain professional indemnity PI insurance or an
6 Para 11.4411.45 of the EM.

appropriate level of PI cover.
● Failure to prepare cash flow projections.
● Previously undetected breach of s 912A or 912B of the Corporations
Act.
● Representatives give inappropriate advice (occurred with sufficient
degree of regularity).
● Representatives operating outside the scope of Australian Financial
Services License (“AFSLˮ) authorisations.
For breaches that arise from data security breaches or service failures,
Square AU will participate in the steps set out in Block, Inc.ʼs Incident
Response Plan (“IRPˮ). The determination of whether such breaches of
‘Core Obligationsʼ occurred and whether it is Significant according to the
above factors, will be made by the persons outlined in the IRP. Any
reportable breaches will be reported to ASIC in accordance with the IRP and
consistent with this Policy.
Incident An incident refers to any unplanned event or occurrence that results in, or
has the potential to result in, harm, disruption, non-compliance, or loss to
Square AU, its customers, employees, or other stakeholders.
Employees (also All full-time and part-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers
referred as Staff) including interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and
contractors.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Obligation to report to ASIC
If there are ‘reasonable grounds to believeʼ that a ‘Reportable Situationʼ has arisen, Square AU must
lodge a report with ASIC within the mandated timeframe, as outlined in section 2.3.
‘Reasonable grounds to believeʼ ensures the breach reporting obligation is clearly objective. There
will be reasonable grounds to believe a Reportable Situation has arisen if there are facts and/or
evidence to induce, in a reasonable person, a belief that a Reportable Situation has arisen.
Square AU will treat each Reportable Situation as separate from one another7. This means, for
example, that there will be two separate obligations to lodge a report with ASIC if Square AU is no
longer able to comply with a Core Obligation and the breach will be Significant if it occurs8, and that
later eventuates into a Significant Breach of a Core Obligation9.
7 Refers to the test described at RG 78.113 to help licensees identify the circumstances in which multiple Reportable
Situations may be grouped together in a single report
8 As this is a Reportable Situation under section 912D1b of the Corporations Act
9 Which is a Reportable Situation under section 912D1a of the Corporations Act

If a breach is not a Reportable Situation, Square AU will take risk-based mitigation approaches to
such breach, even though it may not report it to ASIC.
All Employees of Square AU are trained upon onboarding and on an ongoing basis on awareness of
breaches and breach reporting processes.
2.2. Incident Review and Escalation Process
The Compliance Team team will conduct a thorough assessment of each reported incident to
determine the root cause, evaluate the effectiveness of the response, and identify opportunities for
improvement. Feedback and lessons learned will be documented and used to update security
policies, training, and preventive measures, ensuring continuous enhancement of our breach
response capabilities.
Escalation of Incidents and Breaches
To ensure the Compliance Officer is notified of any potentially ‘Reportable Situationsʼ as soon as
possible, Square AU has implemented the following escalation processes for all Square AU
employees:
● All Square AU employees are provided training on the Block go/ethics process for reporting
potential breaches for review.
● The Square AU Compliance Notion page has a link to the Breach Management page, which
includes a link to the form to lodge an incident for review.
● All Square AU Employees have direct access to contact the Compliance Officer via email
and Slack (a third-party secure intercompany communications software), and have been
trained to report any breaches or incidents.
● In the event the Compliance Officer is not immediately available, any breaches or likely
breaches may be referred immediately to any of the Square AU Compliance Team, Senior
Management or the Counsel Team, who will endeavour to resolve and/or mitigate the
breach in accordance with this Policy.
● The Compliance Officer monitors raised incidents including the severity incident program
SEV and Detection and Response engineering Requests DART. These teams provide
24/7 coverage for data security breaches and performance failures and are monitored by
Square AU.

Notwithstanding the above, for breaches that arise from data security or service failures, Square AU
will participate in the steps set forth in Block, Inc.ʼs Incident Response Plan. In addition, if such a
breach is determined to be a ‘Reportable Situationʼ according to IRP and the above factors, it will be
reported to ASIC in accordance with this Policy.
Incident Review
If an incident that may result in a breach (or likely breach) is identified by a representative other than
the Compliance Officer , they must inform the Compliance Officer, or delegate, as soon as possible
of identifying the breach (or likely breach).
Upon becoming aware of an incident or potential breach breach (or likely breach), Square AUʼs
Compliance Officer, upon discussion with and advice of the Counsel Team, will decide whether there
are reasonable grounds to believe that the incident or potential breach (or likely breach) has given
rise to a Reportable Situation.
The incident review is undertaken by a Compliance Officer, with oversight by the CCO and Legal
Counsel. The review process encompasses a review of the scope and impact of the incident and an
assessment is made as to whether or not the situation is deemed Reportable to ASIC.
2.3. Reporting Timeframe
The report must be submitted to ASIC within 30 calendar days from the time Square AU becomes
aware, or is reckless in not being aware, that there are reasonable grounds to believe a ‘Reportable
Situationʼ has occurred.
Square AU is considered to know that reasonable grounds exist to believe a Reportable Situation has
arisen if it is aware of facts or evidence that would lead a reasonable person to conclude that such a
situation has occurred.
Square AU may legally be considered “recklessˮ if it does not actually know that reasonable grounds
exist, but:
● it is aware of a substantial risk that reasonable grounds may exist; and
● given the circumstances known to Square AU, taking that risk would be unjustifiable.
2.4. Form of Reporting

The report must be lodged online via ASICʼs Regulatory Portal, which is available at:
https://regulatoryportal.asic.gov.au/. The information to be included in the report to ASIC will be
sourced from the breach register.
All reports must contain the prescribed fields required by ASIC, including (where applicable):
- The affected obligation(s) and relevant legislative reference
- Nature and root cause of the breach/incident
- Actions taken to rectify or remediate impact to clients, controls or systems
- Steps to prevent recurrence
A copy of the report is retained as part of the Breach Register for not less than 7 years.
2.5. Breaches Register
Square AU will maintain a register of breaches (or likely breaches) in the form set out in Annexure A
with respect to these regulated products.
For breaches that arise from data security breaches or service failures, Square AU will participate in
the steps set forth in Block, Inc.ʼs Incident Response Plan. Such breaches that are identified as
‘Reportable Situationsʼ will be added to the breach register by the Compliance Officer and reported
to ASIC in accordance with this Policy.
The Square AU Breach Register captures all reasonable steps, the investigation date, determination
date, and notification date. It is maintained on a regular basis by the CCO or Compliance Team, with
root cause trends elevated to the Risk Committee or Board on a quarterly basis. All confirmed
breaches are reported to the Board through the quarterly board reporting process. Access to the
Register is restricted and is monitored for unauthorised access or changes
2.6. Whistleblower Program
Employees must report suspected or actual breaches without fear of reprisal. Information about
breaches, investigations, and reports is confidential and protected in accordance with the Block Inc.
Data Classification & Handling Policy and Square AU Whistleblower Policy.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:

● Board of Directors of Square AU Pty Ltd (“Boardˮ):
○ Primary Role:
■ Approve policy creation and amendments.
○ Responsibilities:
■ Review and authorize changes to the breach reporting policy based on
regulatory updates.
● Chief Compliance Officer - Square AU (“CCO Square AUˮ):
○ Primary Role:
■ Oversee breach identification, decision-making, and reporting.
○ Responsibilities:
■ Identify breaches or likely breaches within 48 hours upon notification.
■ Document evidence, determine reportability to ASIC, and maintain the
breach register.
■ Oversee reporting to ASIC within 30 days if a Reportable Situation arises.
■ Monitor incidents via data security and detection response programs for
potential breaches.
■ Own and maintain the breach reporting policy document; Schedule reviews
as per compliance matrix and implement necessary ad-hoc updates.
■ Approve any policy exceptions requested by employees.
■ Reports at least quarterly to the Board on breach trends, overdue reports,
systemic issues, training status, and regulatory feedback.
● Square AU Core Group Hybrid GRC/ExCo)
○ Primary Role:
■ Provide cross-functional oversight and governance of breach reporting,
ensuring timely escalation, assessment, and remediation of incidents across
Square AU.
○ Responsibilities:
■ Review and monitor breach reporting activities
■ Support the CCO and Responsible Managers in assessing reportability
under ASIC RG 78 and ensuring consistent application of criteria across
business areas.
■ Oversee remediation actions and control improvements arising from
breaches or incidents.
■ Ensure alignment between operational, legal, risk, and compliance
functions on breach handling and escalation processes.
■ Endorse updates to breach reporting procedures, templates, and escalation
pathways as part of ongoing compliance framework enhancement.
● Responsible Managers:
○ Primary Role:
■ Support Compliance Officer in breach reporting when an immediate
response is needed.
○ Responsibilities:
■ Step in during the Compliance Officerʼs absence to assess and manage
breaches.
■ Provide guidance on breach significance and assist in completing
documentation.

■ Collaborate in decision-making processes.
● Counsel Team:
○ Primary Role:
■ Provide advice on breach significance and interpretation
○ Responsibilities:
■ Provide advice on breach significance and assist in completing
documentation.
■ Consult on the legal interpretation of obligations.
■ Responsible for the formal notification to ASIC of any reportable breaches.
● Employees (also referred as Staff):
○ Primary Role:
■ Initial breach identification and notification.
○ Responsibilities:
■ Report any breaches or likely breaches immediately to the Compliance
Officer or Responsible Managers.
■ Responsible for escalating all possible breaches, including near-misses and
incidents for assessment.
● Data Security and Detection Teams (e.g., severity incident program (“SEVˮ) and
Detection and Response engineering Requests (“DARTˮ)):
○ Primary Role:
■ Detect and report on potential data breaches or performance failures.
○ Responsibilities:
■ Provide 24/7 monitoring and alerts to the Compliance Officer on detected
incidents as appropriate.
■ Collaborate on the steps set forth in the Incident Response Plan to assess
breach significance.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
Breach reporting statistics are collated quarterly and shared with executive management/Board.

3.3. Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively.
All new hires must complete training within one month of commencement, including training on the
Block Inc go/ethics process of notifying the appropriate teams of potential incidents and breaches
Training on Breach reporting is also provided on an annual basis to appropriate teams. All training
related activities are monitored by the Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training
Program.
3.4. Record Retention
All Breach related documents (including registers, supporting evidence, reports, internal messages,
training records, and notifications) are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related references:
● RG 78 Breach reporting by AFS licensees and credit licensees

5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Square AU Pty Not Applicable Creation Approved the September 11,
Ltd Board creation of the 2019
document
Square AU Pty Not Applicable Scheduled R… Approved minor December 10,
Ltd Board changes to the 2020
document
Square AU Pty Not Applicable Scheduled R… Approved minor December 9, 2021
Ltd Board changes to the
document
Square AU Pty Not Applicable Material Cha… Approved December 8,
Ltd Board changes and 2022
updated to
manage changes
in regulatory
guidance.
Square AU Pty Not Applicable Immaterial C… Approved December 8,
Ltd Board changes and 2022
updated to
manage changes
in regulatory
guidance.
Square AU Pty Not Applicable Scheduled R… Approved December 13,
Ltd Board changes and 2023
updated to
manage changes
in regulatory
guidance.
Square AU Pty Not Applicable Scheduled R… Approved minor December 13,
Ltd Board changes to the 2023
document and
new template
Lance Howard CCO Square AU Scheduled R… Updated to new November 18,
template and 2024

consolidated
Square AU Pty Not Applicable Scheduled R… Updated to new December 11,
Ltd Board template and 2024
consolidated
Square AU Pty Not Applicable Scheduled R… Update to align December 18,
Ltd Board with processes 2025
and annual review
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope Regional AU
Compliance Domain Governance
Document Owner CCO Square AU
Approved By Square AU Board
Document Tier Tier 2
Annexure A
# Approver Date of Description Signific How was How Whether Was the Date the Future
breach of the ant? the long and how breach a breach compliance
(or breach breach did the the ‘Reportabl was (steps that
likely identified breach breach e rectified have been
breach) ? last? has Situationʼ? and how or will be
been If yes, was taken to
rectified it reported ensure
to ASIC future
and on compliance)
what date?
1
2
3