Compliance Committee & Forum Oversight Standard
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Mar 31, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 31, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Compliance Committee & Forum Oversight Standard (the
“Standardˮ) outlines Block, Inc.ʼs (“Blockˮ or “the Companyˮ) documented approach to the
structure and operation of Compliance governance. The purpose of this Standard is to document
the requirements and principles governing the Compliance Committee and Forum Oversight
Framework (the “Frameworkˮ) that was established to ensure appropriate oversight and
accountability of the Compliance program. The Framework outlines the structure for a Compliance
governance model that maintains clear accountability, supports effective decision-making, and
ensures appropriate oversight.
Scope: This Standard applies to Block, Inc., its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, “Blockˮ),
including all products, business lines, and jurisdictions. Further, this Standard applies to all formally
governed Compliance Committees and Forums and employees participating in the governance
bodies. An exception to this scope is Square Financial Services (“SFSˮ), Blockʼs Utah
state-chartered Industrial Bank federally regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,
which has its own Compliance Program.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Tracked Action Items Activities requiring execution or completion that arise and are
agreed upon during Forum or Committee meetings. Tracked
Action Items are documented, including a description of the
action, the responsible party, and the expected completion
timeframe. These items, which arise from Committee or Forum
meetings require formal oversight, documentation, and closure
verification through the governance process.
Any task that does not meet this definition will not be centrally
tracked, reported, or formally evidenced, and will instead be
managed through standard BAU routines by the relevant
program owners, stakeholders, and/or DRIs.
1

Terminology Definition
Additional Observers Individuals who may attend a meeting where their participation
is deemed relevant or necessary.
Committee A formally constituted and authorized governance body that
makes decisions, approves actions, addresses escalated risk
issues, and/or provides management oversight (as documented
in the Committee Charter).
Committee Chair The chairperson (“Chairˮ) for a Committee meeting who, in
accordance with the Committee Charter, is assigned ownership,
responsibility, and accountability for the facilitation of the
Committee meetings.
Committee Charter A formal document that outlines and defines the Committeeʼs
purpose, authority, composition, and responsibilities. The
(“Charterˮ)
Charter establishes the Committeeʼs role in supporting oversight
of compliance with applicable laws, regulations, internal
policies, and ethical standards. The Charter also defines
meeting frequency, reporting requirements, and access to
information to support effective communication, information,
and alignment across the organization.
Decision-Making The formal authority to approve actions, address escalated risk
issues, and provide management oversight, which resides at
Level 3 committees and above. Decisions, which require
committee quorum, are documented through meeting minutes,
and, as appropriate, reported upward to Level 2 Block Risk
Council / ERM Issues Management) and ultimately Level 1
Board / Audit & Risk Committee).
For example, the Compliance Strategy and Risk Committee
CSRC and the Compliance Management System CMS Health
Committee are formally constituted, Chief Compliance
Officer-chaired governance bodies with voting members,
chartered authority, and formal meeting minutes. They receive
consolidated reporting from Level 4 forums and may make
decisions on matters such as policy approvals, risk alignment,
escalated issues, and programmatic changes.
Delegate A temporary representative who attends a Forum or Committee
meeting on behalf of a Required Attendee when the Required
Attendee is unable to attend. Delegates may satisfy attendance
requirements, but voting authority cannot be delegated.
2

Terminology Definition
Directly Responsible A single person, independent of function, who is accountable
for decision-making and ensuring a project meets its goals.
Individual (“DRIˮ)
Escalations Items requiring oversight or decision-making by the
corresponding, higher-level body.
Forum A structured, but non-decision-making body, designed to share
information, align stakeholders, surface and discuss issues, and
provide input or recommendations to decision-making
authorities where appropriate.
Forum DRI The individual assigned ownership, responsibility, and
accountability for leading and managing the Forum meetings to
ensure they run effectively and achieve their intended purpose.
Forum Purpose Statement A formal document that outlines and defines the Forumʼs
purpose, authority, composition, and responsibilities.
(“Purpose Statementˮ)
Framework Documents The collective set of documents that establish and govern the
Compliance Committee and Forum Oversight Framework,
including this Standard, Committee Charters, Forum Purpose
Statements, and supporting artifacts.
Immaterial Changes Non-substantive changes to a Framework Documentʼs content
that do not impact requirements or guidance related to goals,
principles, processes, or directives of the Framework.
Immaterial Changes may include, but are not limited to:
● Updating grammar or formatting;
● Correcting or updating naming conventions, titles, or
position names;
● New, modified, or removed Committee/Forum metrics
that do not materially impact oversight or reporting
outcomes;
● Minor refinements to reporting inputs or outputs that do
not materially change the scope, decision-making, or
oversight responsibilities; and
● Updates to attendees that do not alter quorum,
decision-making authority, or required role
representation, and are consistent with the applicable
Charter or Purpose Statement.
● Alignment changes made to ensure Committee Charters
and Forum Purpose Statements are consistent with
Framework requirements, provided such changes: (i) are
3

Terminology Definition
limited to conforming language, terminology, or
processes to match updated Framework requirements;
(ii) do not introduce new substantive requirements or
materially change existing obligations; and (iii) are
applied consistently across similar governance bodies
within the same governance level. All Framework
alignment changes must be documented with clear
rationale linking to specific Framework updates.
Information-sharing The structured cross-functional or upward flow of risk data,
metrics, and operational insights through the governance
hierarchy. Level 4 forums are the primary information-sharing
bodies — they are non-decision-making forums designed to
surface, discuss, and consolidate information from sub-Level 4
workstreams and DRIs within their defined focus areas. Forums
evaluate risks comprehensively and report critical items,
aggregated metrics, and recommendations upward to Level 3
committees. This includes operational performance data,
emerging risk trends, issue status, and program updates.
Information sharing ensures compliance leadership has visibility
into key risk areas without over-relying on a single governance
body.
Level 1 Board Level) The Companyʼs ultimate governing body responsible for
overseeing the Company's activity.
Level 2 Senior Management A senior leadership level that functions as an aggregation and
review layer for the Risk and Compliance organization before
Level)
Board-level oversight.
Level 3 Management Compliance oversight level consisting of formally constituted
Committees.
Committee Level)
Level 4 Forum Level) The operational layer consisting of specialized Forums.
Material Changes Substantive changes to a Framework Documentʼs requirements
or guidance that impact, or may impact, the goals, principles,
processes, or directives of the Framework. Material changes
may include include, but are not limited to:
● Creation or retirement of a Committee or Forum;
● Modification of the governance structure or upward
reporting lines;
4

Terminology Definition
● Changes to a Framework Document's purpose,
authority, scope, decision-making authority, quorum or
attendance requirements, or reporting and escalation
structure; and
● Introduction of new or more restrictive requirements, or
changes that materially impact business operations, risk
controls, or regulatory compliance.
Meeting Materials The presentation documents, inclusive of information as
outlined in the relevant Forum Purpose Statement or Committee
Charter, that is shared with attendees of a Committee or Forum
and serve as a record of content discussed.
Meeting Minutes The formal written record of a Committee meeting that
documents key elements such as the date, time, attendees (and
quorum), agenda items discussed, decisions made, as
applicable, meeting outcomes, and Action Items.
Members Collectively, the participants of a Forum or Committee meeting,
including (when and as applicable) the Forum DRI, Regular
Attendees, Required Attendees, Committee Chair, Additional
Observers, and Delegates.
Periodic Review The recurring reassessment of the adequacy and accuracy of
the Forum or Committee and actions taken to make the revisions
as necessary. Periodic reviews must occur at least annually.
Regular Attendees Individuals who are regularly invited to join a Committee or
Forum, but are not required to attend per the Forum Purpose
Statement or Committee Charter. In the case of Committees
where voting may occur, these are non-voting members.
Required Attendees Individuals who are required by the Forum Purpose Statement
or Committee Charter to attend a meeting. In the case of
Committees where voting may occur, these are the voting
members.
5

2. Compliance Committee and Forum Oversight Framework
Requirements
The following requirements outline the required actions or responsibilities to be taken by the
Committee Chair, Forum DRI, or Governance Program Support (“GPSˮ), and the Members of a
Committee or Forum to execute the Framework.
As a matter of principle, each Committee or Forum is required to execute its responsibilities, as
outlined in the respective Committee Charter or Forum Purpose Statement, including but not
limited to the following:
● Committee / Forum Membership: Committee or Forum Members will be documented in the
Committee Charter or Forum Purpose Statement. Members are responsible for attending
the regularly scheduled meetings in accordance with the Committee Charter and Forum
Purpose Statements. Quorum or attendance requirements must be met for each meeting.
● Committee / Forum Meeting Cadence: Meetings occur at the frequency outlined in the
respective Committee Charter or Forum Purpose Statement. Detailed execution
requirements are provided in Section 2.3 below.
● Meeting Minutes / Action Items: Committees are required to maintain Meeting Minutes,
inclusive of Action Items, while Forums are required to track Action Items only.
● Committee Charter / Forum Purpose Statement Review: Reviewed at least annually and
more frequently as needed, in the event of updates or revisions.
● Performance Review: GPS will present to the Forum DRIs, Committee Chairs, Forum
Members, and Committee Members an annual performance assessment of the Committee
or Forum, as outlined in Section 3.2 “Monitoring and Reporting / Oversightˮ below.
2.1. Threshold Requirements for Committee or Forum Formation
To ensure alignment with Blockʼs Compliance governance standards and objectives, all Committees
and Forums established under this Standard must adhere to the following principles and criteria
outlined herein:
Adherence to the Governance Structure: Forums and Committees are required to adhere to the
levels and reporting structure defined in the Framework. For example, a group that meets the
definition of a Forum under this Standard must be designated as Level 4 and report to the
corresponding Level 3 Committee identified in the Forum's approved Purpose Statement.
Any proposed new or modified meeting within the scope of this Standard must follow the
requirements outlined in the Section 2.5 “Change Management Requirements and Processesˮ below.
To ensure alignment with the Framework, no new Forum or Committee or material modification may
be established without prior review and approval by GPS, who must be provided timely notification to
provide guidance on proposed additions or modifications.
Adherence to Key Principles: Forums and Committees are required to operate in a manner
consistent with the Companyʼs key principles for successful Compliance governance, as outlined
below:
6

● Right-level Accountability: Decisions are made at appropriate levels with clearly defined
governance documents;
● Traceability and Evidence: Governance decisions are supported by consistent
documentation and clear evidence;
● Transparency and Predictability: Compliance expectations and outcomes are consistent
and communicated organization-wide;
● Data-Driven Decisioning and Escalation: Decisions are informed by clearly defined
metrics with clear escalation channels;
● Resolution: Committees drive thorough discussion, outcomes, and swift risk mitigation;
● Sustainability by Design: Governance structures drive efficient, scalable processes with
appropriate oversight; and
● Agility with Control: DRIs are empowered for operational decisions while maintaining
governance oversight.
2.2. Committee / Forum Definitions and Purpose
The purpose of Committees is to provide oversight, recommendations, and decision-making
authority over defined compliance areas. Key risks and topics are aggregated at the Committee level
and reported to higher-level governance bodies. Committees operate under the roles and
responsibilities defined in the Committee Charter. Each Committee must have:
● A Committee Charter that defines the purpose, objective, authority, and decision-making
power;
● A designated Committee Chair;
● Documented Meeting Minutes;
● Scheduled meeting cadence; and
● A process for providing relevant reporting to high-level bodies.
The purpose of Forums is to share information, align stakeholders, surface and discuss issues, and
provide input or recommendations to Committees.
Forum scope may include, where appropriate and applicable, program-specific topics, issues,
including self-identified issues, risks, controls, and metrics. Metrics reviewed at the Forum level are
informed by inputs from designated stakeholders and are consolidated, aggregated, and reported to
the relevant Committee set forth in the Purpose Statement. Forums are also empowered to escalate
relevant or significant risks, trends, or emerging risk areas, as appropriate.
Each Forum must have:
● A documented Purpose Statement outlining its scope, purpose, and objective;
● A designated Forum DRI;
● Defined Members;
● Scheduled meeting cadence;
● Documented Action Items;
● A process for providing relevant reporting to high-level bodies
2.3. Execution of a Committee or Forum Meeting
Execution of Committee Meetings
7

● Meeting Frequency: Committees convene at the frequency specified in their respective
Charter. As a standard practice, Committees typically meet quarterly throughout the year.
Asynchronous meetings may occur at the discretion of the Chair as outlined in the Charter;
however, such instances are expected to be infrequent.
● Reporting Requirements:
○ Reporting Inputs: Forum DRIs support the development of higher-level Committee
reporting inputs, which include aggregated materials, metrics, and information from
the monthly Forum meetings. Reporting inputs include quantitative and qualitative
inputs to support effective oversight, discussion, and accountability by
management. Reporting inputs are provided for each meeting and included in the
meeting materials.
○ Reporting Outputs: Reporting outputs include (i) aggregated reporting and (ii)
escalation of matters requiring higher-level oversight or decision-making. Reporting
outputs are defined for each Committee within the “Committee Outputs &
Escalationsˮ of the relevant Charter.
● Attendance: All Members are required to adhere to the attendance obligations set forth in
the relevant Charter. If a Required Attendee is unable to attend, a Delegate may attend on
their behalf to ensure continuity of discussion and decision-making. Delegates may satisfy
attendance requirements; however voting authority cannot be delegated.
● Privilege: When seeking legal advice or discussing matters that may be subject to
attorney-client privilege, Committee Chairs must follow attorney-client privilege protection
measures as established by the Counsel organization, including invoking privilege sessions
and implementing appropriate confidentiality protocols for sensitive matters such as
remediations and regulatory look-backs.
Execution of Forum Meetings
● Meeting Frequency: Forums convene at the frequency specified in their respective
Purpose Statements. As a standard practice, Forums typically hold live meetings in the first
two months of each quarter, with asynchronous material submission in the third month in
lieu of a live meeting, allowing the corresponding Committee meeting to serve as the
primary governance touchpoint for that period. Additional asynchronous meetings may be
conducted at the discretion of the Forum DRI as outlined in the Purpose Statement.
● Reporting Requirements:
○ Reporting Inputs: Reporting inputs, as outlined in each Forumʼs Purpose Statement,
must include relevant metrics, information, and/or insights aligned to the Forumʼs
scope and objective. These inputs are intended to facilitate informed discussion,
effective challenge, and, where appropriate, awareness of material topics.
○ Reporting Outputs: Reporting outputs include (i) aggregated reporting; and (ii)
escalation of matters requiring higher-level oversight or decision-making. Reporting
and escalation must be conducted in accordance with the Forumʼs Purpose
Statement and meeting cadence.
● Attendance: All Members are required to adhere to the attendance obligations set forth in
the relevant Forum Purpose Statement. If a Required Attendee is unable to attend, a
Delegate may attend on their behalf to ensure continuity of discussion.
8

● Privilege: When seeking legal advice or discussing matters that may be subject to
attorney-client privilege, Forum DRIs must follow attorney-client privilege protection
measures as established by the Counsel organization, including invoking privilege sessions
and implementing appropriate confidentiality protocols for sensitive matters such as
remediations and regulatory look-backs.
2.4. Documentation of Meeting Outcomes
This section describes the minimum requirements and expectations for documenting the outcomes
of a Committee or Forum meeting. To ensure transparency, line-of-sight, accountability, auditability,
tracking, and best practices for regulatory compliance, Committee or Forum meetings must be
formally documented as required by the respective Committee Charter or Forum Purpose Statement.
2.4.1 Aggregation and Escalation of Matters
Aggregation and escalation of identified matters will be performed in accordance with the relevant
Committee Charters and Forum Purpose Statements.
2.4.2 Tracking and Escalation of Action Items
All meetings will track Action Items as defined above. Action items will be documented, including a
description of the action, the DRI assigned, and the expected completion timeframe.
For Tracked Action Items, GPS serves as the DRI for centralized tracking and coordinating, including
obtaining closure documentation. The assigned Action Item DRI is required to provide documentation
and evidence of completion and for providing regular status updates at meetings, until formal
closure.
For Managed Tasks, the functional program owner is responsible for managing these Action Items
within their team. Managed Tasks are not tracked centrally by GPS, and the assigned Action Item DRI
is not required to provide evidence documentation to GPS. The functional program owner is
responsible for documentation and managing completion through the standard operational
processes.
2.5. Governance Structure - Change Management Requirements and Processes
Proposed changes to the existing governance structure, including changes to Framework
Documents are required by this Standard to be submitted to GPS for: (i) determination of whether the
change is Material or Immaterial, as defined in Section 1.3 “Definitionsˮ; and (ii) guidance on required
actions depending based on the type of change. GPS, Committee Chairs, and Forum DRIs, or other
Compliance leadership may propose changes to Framework Documents. All changes must be
documented in the applicable documentʼs change log.
2.5.1 Material Changes Approval Requirements
Material Changes to Framework Documents require formal review and approval prior to
implementation. Material Changes must be reviewed by GPS and approved by GPS, Committee
Chair, Forum DRI, or other relevant Compliance leadership.
2.5.2 Immaterial Changes Approval Requirements
9

Immaterial Changes may be implemented without formal approval, provided the change does not
alter a document's core purpose, authority, scope, decision-making authority, or reporting and
escalation structure. GPS must be notified of Immaterial Changes prior to implementation.
2.5.3 Annual Review
All Framework documentation must be reviewed and approved at least annually. Off-cycle changes
are permitted provided the applicable requirements of this section are followed.
2.6. Governance Effectiveness & Oversight
2.6.1 Reporting on the Standard
The Standard Owner and/or their designee periodically monitors governance activities for
compliance and objective achievement, including providing regular updates, as applicable to
Compliance leadership and the Committees and Forums. Reporting may cover specific information
related to the following:
Reporting Metric Metric Criteria
Quorum and Committees achieve quorum for all sessions (as defined by the relevant
Attendance Rates Charter). Required attendees for Forums achieve a majority for each
scheduled meeting (as defined by the relevant Purpose Statement).
Convening Rate Committees convene 100% of scheduled sessions. Forums convene at least
90% of scheduled sessions.
Governance Annual feedback surveys completed by the required Committee and Forum
Effectiveness attendees have an aggregated satisfactory / effectiveness rate of 80% or
Rating
higher.
Action Item 90% of Action Items are closed by the due date set by the Committee or
Timely Closure Forum, with minimal delays or extensions; Action Items requiring extensions
Rate
do not exceed 2 extensions.
Governance Governance documents (i.e., all Committee Charters and Forum Purpose
Annual Review Statements) are reviewed and approved annually, at a minimum, by each
Compliance
applicable body.
Committee 100% of Committee minutes are approved by at least two voting members
Minute Approval and no objections / concerns raised by the meeting minute review due date.
Timelines
2.6.2 Committee / Forum Reporting
As outlined in the respective Committee Charter or Forum Purpose Statement, regular updates are
provided, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
10

3. Compliance and Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Block, Inc. Board of Directors (“Block Boardˮ):
○ The Block Board is the Companyʼs ultimate governing body and is responsible for
overseeing the Companyʼs activity. The Block Board oversees:
■ management development and execution of the companyʼs strategic
direction
■ risk management and compliance programs, and
■ its commitment to ethical and lawful conduct.
○ The Audit and Risk Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight
responsibilities with respect to compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
including with respect to the companyʼs risk and compliance programs.
● Audit and Risk Committee (“ARCˮ):
○ The ARC is a Level 1 governance body that operates outside the Framework and is
responsible for assisting the Block Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities
with respect to the Companyʼs compliance with applicable law and regulations,
including with respect to the Companyʼs risk and compliance programs.
● Block Risk Council (“BRCˮ):
○ The BRC is a Level 2 governance body that operates outside the Framework. The
BRC facilitates structured information sharing across Risk and Compliance
functions, including the review of emerging themes and correlations related to
macroeconomic and industry trends, potential organizational impacts, and risk
mitigation activities, and relevant supporting data. In addition, the BRC supports
Risk and Compliance preparation for the ARC, and BRC materials serve as
foundational inputs to ARC reporting, as appropriate.
● Block, Inc. Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ In accordance with the Block, Inc. Compliance Management System CMS Policy,
the CCO maintains responsibility to, among other duties, develop, maintain, and
administer the CMS based upon the directives set forth in the Companyʼs CMS,
industry best practices, and applicable regulatory guidance.
○ The CCO maintains independent and direct reporting authority to the ARC. When
circumstances warrant immediate Board-level attention or when the CCO
determines that direct reporting is necessary to maintain compliance
independence, compliance matters may be escalated directly to ARC. This direct
reporting path ensures that compliance maintains appropriate independence and
that critical compliance matters receive timely Board oversight without procedural
delays.
○ As it pertains to this Framework, the CCO is responsible for:
■ When applicable, exercising their decision-making authority, oversight
authority, escalation authority, and providing Compliance guidance or
direction;
■ Serving as the Chair of designated Committees; and
11

■ Serving as Forum DRI of designated Forums.
● Governance Program Support:
○ GPS provides oversight, standardization, and operational support across this
Framework. GPS is responsible for:
■ Aggregation of Matters: Aggregating matters identified by Committees and
Forums to ensure effective reporting and escalation to higher level oversight
bodies;
■ Calendar Management: Scheduling meetings and managing the Forum and
Committee governance calendar;
■ Action Item Oversight: Overseeing the documentation of Tracked Action
Items using standardized trackers and methodology;
■ Templates: Providing meeting material templates and Action Item trackers
supporting the Committee Chairs and Forum DRIs;
■ Distribution List Management: Owning and managing distribution lists and
tracking meeting occurrence and attendance;
■ Framework Optimization: Gathering feedback from Committees and
Forums and, where appropriate, recommending or implementing
enhancements to processes, tooling, or operational practices to support the
ongoing effectiveness of the Framework;
■ Meeting Preparation Support: Leading the coordination of meeting
materials based on the scope outlined in Forum Purpose Statements /
Committee Charters.
● Committee Chairs / Forum DRIs:
○ The Committee Chair or Forum DRI is responsible for:
■ Meeting Preparation: Defining the meeting agenda and required discussion
topics, and maintaining accountability for the review and quality of meeting
materials, including ensuring appropriate subject matter expertise is
applied;
■ Facilitate Meetings: Conducting meetings, per the cadence set out in the
Charter or Purpose Statement, with prepared agendas and materials;
■ Lead and Manage Forum: Ensuring effective operation and achievement of
Committee / Forum purpose;
■ Oversee Membership: Approving additions, removals or modifications to
attendees, as needed and in accordance with this Standard; and
■ Report and Escalate: Identifying and escalating matters required higher
level oversight or decision making in accordance with this Standard, as
appropriate.
● Required Attendees:
○ Required Attendees are obligated to attend Committees / Forums as defined in the
applicable Charter or Purpose Statement and review the materials in advance of the
meeting. Their active participation will be consistent with the roles and
responsibilities assigned to them, which may include voting or decision-making.
12

3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Standard Owner (or designee) will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws
and regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request,
and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained
in accordance with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team. The Standard Owner (and/or designee) will inform
Compliance Leadership and applicable Committees, Forums, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
3.6. Implementation Date and Transition Period
The requirements outlined in this Standard are effective by the end of the fiscal year 2026. Block and
all applicable subsidiaries are expected to be in full compliance with requirements of this document
no later than nine 9 months after the approval date of this document.
13

4. Questions and Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents at our internal Compliance Governance Framework page at
go/compliancecommitteesandforums:
● Block, Inc. Compliance Strategy and Risk Committee Charter
● Block, Inc. CMS Health Committee Charter
● Block, Inc. Compliance Governance Forum Purpose Statement
● Block, Inc. Compliance Operations Forum Purpose Statement
● Block, Inc. Financial Crimes Programs Forum Purpose Statement
● Block, Inc. Emerging Risk Forum Purpose Statement
● Block, Inc. Compliance Third-Party Oversights Forum Purpose Statement
● Block, Inc. Compliance Technology Oversight Forum Purpose Statement
5. Document Details and Revisions
Review and Approval: This Standard will be reviewed and approved at least once per year, with
additional reviews conducted as needed.
Approver Title Type Description Date
Compliance Initial Appro… New document Mar 25, 2026
Policy
Committee
Michael Read Compliance Material Cha… New section on Mar 31, 2026
Reporting & Privileged
Governance Lead materials /
discussions and
Sherry Steve… Governance Material Cha… clarification to Mar 31, 2026
Program Support reaffirm the Chief
Lead Compliance
Officer's
independent and
direct reporting
authority to the
Audit & Risk
Committee of the
Block, Inc. Board.
14

Revision and Approval History:Document Details:
Business Block, Inc.
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Governance
Standard Owner Compliance Reporting & Governance Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
15