RETIRED
Transaction Monitoring
Modeling Program
Cash App
Published May 2023

Table of Contents
Table of Contents 2
Introduction 3
Definitions 3
Roles & Responsibilities 4
Process Presentation 5
Automated Alert Generation 6
Initial Review: Suspicious Activity Thresholds 6
Second Review: Risk Tolerance 6
Retuning Triggers and Frequency 7
Alert Prioritization 7
Quality Control 8
Explainability 8
Document Management 9
Document Owner 9
Scheduled Review & Ad-Hoc Maintenance 9
Exceptions 9
Related Documents 9
Revision & Approval History 9
Document Details 10
Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program | Cash App 2

Introduction
Block, Inc. (herein referred to as the “Company” or “Block”) is committed to complying with applicable laws,
regulations, and guidelines to monitor, detect, prevent, and report possible money laundering, financial
crimes, and terrorist financing.
Transaction monitoring is a vital component of ensuring compliance, as it provides a mechanism for
evaluating suspicious activity and transactions across Block’s platforms.
Block utilizes various proprietary algorithms to create alerts for the Transaction Monitoring team to review.
This includes automated alert queues and periodic or manual reports for review. Alert queues and reports are
generated using machine-learning, heuristics, or manual methodologies.
Block’s Transaction Monitoring team queues are established and maintained by the Compliance Engineering
& Technology data team. Any new queues or recommended changes to the existing queue models are
reviewed and approved in accordance with the Model Change Management Process.
This Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program (the “Program”) articulates how Transaction Monitoring
alert queues are created for analyst review, as a result of automated transaction monitoring. Note that
this Program is only applicable to transaction monitoring models that use a combination of heuristics and
machine learning for alert generation (also known as alert risk rating models). This Program is not
applicable to transaction monitoring models that use only heuristics.
This policy is established by Cash App and is applicable to Cash App. References to “staff” throughout
this document shall refer to all full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including
interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Definitions
Above the Line (ATL) A phrase used to indicate that an account activity
exceeds defined thresholds.
Alert Risk Rating Model (ARR) A methodology/model used in risk determination
for transactions and accounts.
Below The Line (BTL) A phrase to indicate that an account activity falls
below defined thresholds.
Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program | Cash App 3

Model Retraining The process of updating the model based on new
or updated datasets.
Model Retuning The process of resetting the score thresholds,
based on new or updated datasets.
Negative Action The result of a completed review when an account
has been found to be in violation of the Cash App
Terms of Service or engaging in unwanted,
high-risk activity. It includes denylist, suspicious
activity reporting, and other adverse reporting.
Roles & Responsibilities
Transaction Monitoring Team ● Review alerts and investigate associated
activity
● Decision alerts
● Escalate accounts for unusual or
suspicious activity
Compliance Engineering & Technology Data ● Establish and maintain transaction
Team monitoring queue parameters and
thresholds
● Complete periodic model validation on the
transaction monitoring queues
● Provide reporting to senior leadership on
queue completion, performance, and
enhancements
Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program | Cash App 4

Process Presentation
The diagram below illustrates the transaction monitoring process:
Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program | Cash App 5

Automated Alert Generation
Initial Review: Suspicious Activity Thresholds
The initial review of account activity occurs when any activity exceeds a set threshold. Any activity that
exceeds this threshold is potentially suspicious and warrants further review.
Note: In accordance with the FinCEN suspicious activity report (SAR) filing limit, aSAR must be filed by a
covered money services business (MSB) when the MSB knows, suspects or has reason to suspect that
the transaction or pattern of transactions is suspicious and involves $2,000 or more.
The appropriate heuristics are dollar amount or count-based and chosen based on the specific typology
under consideration. Heuristics not based on the above dimensions are used sparingly and, when used,
are set based on typology definition and expert business judgment (e.g., recurring relationship and
velocity).
The heuristic threshold is typically set at the 84th percentile for the active population (aka P84). This
corresponds roughly to mean plus one standard deviation for a normal distribution, but the percentile
approach is followed because these heuristics are not usually normally distributed. For certain low risk
typologies, the heuristic thresholds may be adjusted higher to the 97.5th percentile of the active
population (aka P97.5 which corresponds to mean plus two standard deviations of a normal distribution).
Second Review: Risk Tolerance
The second-level review is completed by a machine learning model, called the Alert Risk Rating model
(ARR), that leverages hundreds of signals, based on transactional and user activity, to ascertain whether
an account is likely to be negatively actioned on human review. The ARR model threshold is tuned to
adhere to a false negative rate or risk tolerance policy defined below.
The risk tolerance policy is set based on the Company's appetite for risk. Higher tolerance makes
operations more scalable by allowing the system to cut out more false positives, but increases the risk of
bad activity that goes undetected/unreported. The industry standard of 5% risk tolerance is adopted, but
may be adjusted in the future for specific typologies/segments within a typology based on Company
policy or risk appetite. In the scenario where the productivity of the heuristics based typology is already
below the Risk Tolerance Threshold (RTT) of 5%, based on expert business judgment, an 80% recall rate
Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program | Cash App 6

is targeted for the second level review by the ARR model. (Note: 80% recall rate will be well below the
5% RTT.)
Risk tolerance is per AML typology, unless otherwise specified. This makes individual typology
performance monitoring feasible.
If an account could have alerts generated by multiple typologies, it is considered covered if an alert is
generated by at least one of those typologies for performance measurement purposes.
Retuning Triggers and Frequency
Historical data suggests that month-to-month concern event rates may be fairly volatile. Therefore, a
small randomly selected fraction of BTL alerts are reviewed by transaction monitoring analysts on an
ongoing basis. Analysts do not know that these alerts are BTL, but will appear in the alerting queue as is
typical. This performance data will be used to measure adherence of the system to the set risk tolerance.
Alert Prioritization
A value at risk approach is proposed for alert review prioritization by analysts. This provides a framework
for minimizing regulatory risk in the event that alerts are temporarily backlogged due to operational
capacity constraints.
Value at Risk = Size of Activity * Risk Score (ARR Score)
The ARR model score can be viewed as a measure of the model’s confidence in the account being
involved in suspicious activity prior to analyst review. Volume and amount of activity is a measure of the
size of the activity in the customer account. A value at risk approach prioritizes alerts for analyst review
by balancing the size of activity and the model’s confidence in the activity being involved in suspicious
activity.
The value at risk approach (P0 > P1 > P2) is illustrated below. The actual number of prioritization
segments, as well as the heuristics chosen for each dimension, are specific to the typology being
considered.
Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program | Cash App 7

Analysts prioritize alert review starting with the highest priority. In the event that alerts are backlogged,
the low value at risk alerts present the least amount of regulatory risk.
Note that for some typologies that have low alert volume, all alerts are grouped into a single queue with
a default priority and reviewed manually in queue order.
Quality Control
An independent quality control team is responsible for measuring and maintaining agent review quality
in order to ensure label quality. The issues identified will trigger appropriate actions (including but not
limited to retraining) in order to correct any problems.
BTL and ATL productivity evaluation systems will be in place to maintain machine review quality, a
continuous and automated BTL sampling, and model monitoring.
Explainability
Every account that is scored by the ARR model will log an ‘explanation’ that provides insight into the
signals that contributed to the specific model score. Negative contributions suggest that the particular
signal contributed to lower the score (i.e. risk of the account), while positive contributions suggest the
opposite. The sum of contributions from all the model’s constituent signals result in the final risk score
Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program | Cash App 8

attributed to the alert. Signals are grouped by a handful of specific themes to aid in human
interpretability.
Explainability is logged primarily for regulatory and audit purposes.
Document Management
Document Owner
This document is owned by the Head of Compliance Engineering & Technology Data, Cash App, or their
designee.
Scheduled Review & Ad-Hoc Maintenance
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in accordance with
the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Exceptions
Exceptions to the requirements, strategies, or procedures established by this document must be
pre-approved by the Head of Compliance Engineering & Technology Data, Cash App, or their designee. Staff
members may submit exception requests for review at go/policyhelp.
Related Documents
Related Policy Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorist Financin
Policy | Block, Inc.
Revision & Approval History
Name Title Approval Type Description Date
Vijay Sathish Head of Creation Mar 1, 2021
Compliance
Engineering &
Technology Data,
Cash App
Shannon Lee-Eng Chief Compliance Scheduled R… Mar 26, 2021
Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program | Cash App 9

Officer, Square
Amelia Childress Chief Compliance Scheduled R… Mar 26, 2021
Officer, Cash App
Ben Gray Chief Compliance Initial Appro… Apr 9, 2021
Officer, Block
Vijay Sathish Head of Immaterial C… Jun 6, 2021
Compliance
Engineering &
Technology Data,
Cash App
Vijay Sathish Head of Immaterial C… May 10, 2023
Compliance
Engineering &
Technology Data,
Cash App
Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Financial Crimes
Document Owner Head of Compliance Engineering & Technology
Data, Cash App
Original Publication Date Apr 9, 2021
Last Material Revision Date Apr 9, 2021
Effective Date Apr 9, 2021
Transaction Monitoring Modeling Program | Cash App 10