Compliance - Risk and
Controls Documentation
Standard
Block
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. (“Block”)
and on a need-to-know basis.
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 6
3. Scope 6
4. Standard Requirements 7
4.1 Taxonomies 7
4.2 Documentation of Risks 8
4.2 Documentation of Controls 9
4.3 Compliance Risks and Controls Library Templates 13
4.4 Change Management 14
5. Document Management 14
5.1 Document Owner 14
5.2 Review and Approval 15
6. Training 15
7. Monitoring and Reporting 15
8. Exceptions 15
9. Record Retention 15
10. Implementation Date and Transition Period 15
11. Related Documentation or References 16
12. Revision and Approval History 16
13. Document Details 16
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Compliance Risks For the purpose of this document, Compliance Risks and Controls refer
and Controls to Compliance related risks and controls.
Enterprise Risk The strategic enterprise level of process, overseen by the Board and
Management implemented by Management and other personnel to identify potential
(‘’ERM’’) risks and manage them within Block’s Risk Appetite to enable Block to
achieve its strategic, operational, reporting, and compliance objectives.
Enterprise Risk An annual assessment of the top management identified Inherent Risks
Assessment categories that if incurred can expose Block to financial Impacts,
(‘ERA”) regulatory actions, or loss of shareholder confidence, competitive
advantages, and reputation.
Compliance Risk Any Risk Assessment undertaken of a specific Level I, II, III or IV risk,
Assessment owned by Compliance, and in line with the ERM Risk Categorisation.
(“CRA”) This includes the ARA, and may also be referenced as Regulatory RCSAs
and include other RCSAs owned by Compliance.
Annual Risk An annual process for identifying, measuring, and reporting
Assessment AML/CFT/Sanctions risks and the effectiveness of established control
(“ARA”) environments designed to mitigate these risks with an objective of
informing risk management strategies and organizational objectives.
Risk Control A continuous bottom up assessment used to identify, assess and
Self-Assessment document risks & controls within an organization to evaluate their
(“RCSA”) effectiveness in optimizing risk portfolios. It serves as the primary tool for
implementing the Enterprise Risk Assessment (ERA) at the business
level.
RCSA Playbook Risks and Controls Self Assessment (“RCSA”) playbook that serves as
comprehensive guidance, templates and rubrics to support the practical
implementation of the RCSA. It includes observable characteristics or
criteria used to consistently evaluate where we are or aim to be with
respect to risks, controls, and appetites.
Compliance Risk A worksheet template which defines the minimum data elements that
and Controls need to be captured in order to generate a harmonized and consistent
Template risk & control inventory that supports and conforms to this standard.
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Brand Program The individual responsible within each Brand for the documentation of
Manager - Risks & risks and controls. This person works with key stakeholders to ensure
Controls that the risk and control inventory is current and complete and in
conformance with these standards.
Control Owner The individual responsible for the design, implementation and oversight
of control effectiveness of specific controls to reduce inherent risk. They
ensure controls are appropriately designed, regularly reviewed and
updated to reflect changes to the risk environment. The Control Owner
ensures controls operate as intended and provide oversight, reviews
evidence and support during assessments or audits to maintain control
effectiveness.
Control Performer The individual responsible for executing the day-to-day activities of
specific controls as designed. They ensure controls are performed
accurately, consistently, and on schedule. The Control Performer provides
evidence of control execution during assessments or audits and
highlights any challenges, gaps, or inefficiencies to the Control Owner for
resolution.
Enterprise Risk Builds and oversees the global enterprise risk function for Block
Management including its enterprise risk management framework and related policies
(“ERM”) and processes. ERM owns the ERA process for the overall execution of
enterprise risk strategies and risk mitigation.
Product Product Compliance Management is the Compliance Team responsible
Compliance for partnering cross-functionally with product, risk, compliance
Management operations, legal, and other teams to design and advise on the building
Team
of compliance risk controls and conduct assessment and mitigation
(PCM)
functions regarding compliance risks.
Risk Scenario Responsible for defining, maintaining, and updating risk scenarios that
Owner (Level IV) are relevant to their assigned area. The Risk Scenario Owner supports the
evaluation of the risk scenarios during the RCSA process and ensures risk
scenarios are clearly documented, well understood, and actionable,
enabling teams to assess and mitigate risks effectively.
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Compliance - Risk and Controls Documentation Standard (“Standard”) outlines Block, Inc. 's
(“Block”) approach to establishing a unified and systematic approach to compliance related risk and
control documentation across Block and its brands. It provides the fundamental guidelines for
maintaining an accurate and comprehensive record of all compliance risk-related activities and
control measures, with an objective of ensuring consistency in risk management practices to
promote the effectiveness of Block’s control environment. Block’s RCSA Playbook must be consulted
for guidance in conjunction with this Standard while documenting Compliance related risks and
controls.
The Head of Global Policy & Governance is responsible for management of this Standard with
delegation to relevant Brand Program Manager - Risks & Controls. This delegation includes
responsibility and ownership for enforcement of these standards.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this standard is to define the specific requirements and minimum standards for
documenting both compliance risks and their corresponding controls across Block and its affiliated
brands. The standard aims to ensure that all risk and control information is systematically recorded
and properly maintained, thereby supporting effective oversight and compliance with regulatory
requirements. It serves as Compliance’s Standard for meeting the expectations of external partners,
regulators, and auditors, while simultaneously providing clear guidelines for internal stakeholders. By
implementing this Standard, Block strengthens its ability to identify, assess, and mitigate risks
effectively, ultimately safeguarding the company's interests and ensuring compliance with
applicable regulations across all jurisdictions in which it operates.
3. Scope
This Standard is established by Block, Inc. (“Block”) and is applicable globally across all Block brands,
subsidiaries, and jurisdictions to all Compliance personnel within Block who are responsible for risk
and control documentation. It covers the documentation processes related to compliance risks, as
well as the controls designed to mitigate these risks. The Standard mandates adherence to specified
documentation practices during the creation, review, updating, and retention of risk and control
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
records. It focuses exclusively on the documentation and identification aspects of Compliance Risks
and Controls and does not encompass risk and control measurements.
4. Standard Requirements
4.1 Documentation Principles:
The Standard’s requirements are embedded in the four fundamental principles to provide a
structured approach to documenting Compliance Risks and Controls, with the objective of ensuring
clarity, consistency, and comprehensiveness in the process.
1. Consistency: All documentation of Compliance Risks and Controls must adhere to a
standardized format and level of granularity for consistent recording and reporting across all
Block brands, facilitating comparability and coherence. The risk and controls repository must
maintain scalability to meet the unique needs of different businesses while preserving core
documentation standards across the enterprise.
2. Accountability and Ownership: Clear responsibility must be assigned for both the creation
and maintenance of risk and control documentation. Each control instance must have an
identified owner, who is accountable for the accuracy and completeness of the information.
3. Comprehensive Coverage: The documentation must encompass all key Compliance Risks
and Controls, as well as the linkage between identified risks and their corresponding controls.
4. Regular Review and Updates: Risk and control documentation must be reviewed and
updated per the scheduled frequency defined by the Brands or more frequently if trigger
events occur, to account for changes in the business environment, operational processes,
Issues and/or Incidents or regulatory requirements. This principle ensures that the
documentation remains relevant and provides a reliable basis for decision-making.
Compliance teams are empowered to further group like/ and or interconnected attributes to assist
in risk management activities.
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2 Documentation of Risks
The Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) team owns and manages Block’s risk taxonomy. All
documented risks must be categorized according to the taxonomy definitions that ERM has set.
Block’s ERM risk taxonomy defines risk levels that flow from broad categories to specific scenarios in
a clear hierarchy. This progression from broad categories to specific scenarios enables
comprehensive risk identification and targeted control implementation. Level I establishes the
foundational risk categories (E.g. compliance risk), Level II breaks these down into distinct
sub-categories within each main category and Level III identifies risks more specifically. For
additional details regarding the documentation of Risk levels I, II and III, refer to the risk attributes
enlisted in the Compliance Risk and Controls Template that supports the implementation of this
Standard.
Level IV details precise risk scenario statements as described below.
Risk Scenarios (Level IV): Risk scenarios help stakeholders understand how risks might materialize
in real-world situations, the interconnected nature of risks, the importance of preventive, detective,
corrective and directive controls and the need for response planning.
A risk scenario provides a comprehensive picture of a potential risk situation, including how it might
occur, the factors contributing to it, and the possible outcomes. A Risk scenario ID, Name and
Description must be documented for each risk scenario. A Risk Description is a narrative that
outlines how a risk could manifest, connecting risk events, factors, and impacts. A risk scenario is a
comprehensive narrative that connects risk factors, events, and impacts into a coherent story. It
describes:
● “Setting the stage” - The context and conditions (risk factors, or Why It Might Happen)
● “The Trigger” - The specific event that could occur (risk event, or What Could Go Wrong)
● “The Fallout” - The cascade of consequences (impact) that may be direct or indirect and are
measurable across dimensions based on timing and sequence of events, its potential severity and
scope (Potential Consequences", “bad outcome”).
● “What Could Go Wrong” refers to a risk event is a specific occurrence or incident that could
potentially lead to an undesirable outcome affecting business objectives. It is the trigger
where a threat or opportunity causes the risk to materialize. Well documented risk events are
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
specific, observable, time-bound, measurable in terms of likelihood and impact and directly
linked to business processes or objectives.
● “Why It Might Happen” implies the risk factors or the internal or external conditions,
circumstances, or vulnerabilities that can lead to the occurrence of a risk event. They are
essentially the underlying causes or contributors that increase the likelihood of a risk event
happening. They indicate the root causes or contributors to risk and often present before the
risk event as "warning signs" or "pre-conditions" that make risk events more likely.
● "Potential Consequences", “Bad Outcome” relate to the Impact or the potential
consequences or effects that follow a risk event. It describes what could happen if the risk
event actually occurs and the severity of the outcome can be measured across multiple
dimensions.
Additional Attributes:
Legal Entity: relates to the legal entity that is associated with relevant risk & control inventory output
at a product level. For example, if CashApp P2P is the subject of the inventory, the legal entity will be
identified as Block, Inc. If Square Card UK is the subject of the inventory, the legal entity will be
identified as Squareup Europe Limited.
Brand (as applicable): used to more narrowly define the scope to which the risk & control inventory
output relates. The applicable ‘brand’ options in this regard include: Square & CashApp. For risks and
controls that are programmatic in nature and scope, the relevant brand may be labelled ‘N/a’ as
these outputs will be applicable to Block. Conversely, for more downstream risk & control outputs
that are product/process specific in scope and subject matter, Square and/or CashApp may be
labelled as the brand option(s) in such contexts.
Business (as applicable): used to narrowly define the scope of the risk and control inventory output
for those instances where Block offers standalone services that are not affiliated to a brand (e.g.
Bitcoin Platform).
Product: relates to the payment product and/or features that are the subject of the risk & control
inventory (e.g. CashApp P2P, Cash Investing, Square Managed Payments, Square Credit Card etc).
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Market/Country: Refers to a specific country, region, or jurisdiction where Block and its Brands
operate or conduct business.
4.3 Documentation of Controls
A control is a specific measure, process, procedure, mitigating action or management action plan
implemented within an organization to mitigate risks and help ensure that objectives are achieved
effectively and efficiently. These actions or set of actions are implemented to provide reasonable
assurance by mitigating or reducing inherent risks to acceptable levels through its consistent,
precise, and repeatable execution.
Mitigating controls must be identified based on the risks identified (as per Section 4.2).
1. Control Name and Description
Control Name - The Control Name should be a concise title that briefly identifies the control.
While the title must be brief, limited to a few focused words, avoiding technical jargon where
possible, it should be a descriptive identification of the control which clearly communicates the
control’s function.
Control Description - A control description should state a clear, concise testable objective. It
must identify who is accountable (i.e. Control Owner/Control DRI), when the control operates or
its frequency of operation, and what evidence demonstrates its effectiveness. Language used in
descriptions must be simple, focusing on its risk mitigation role, versus step-by-step procedural
detail. Control descriptions must clearly define the scope, including where the control ends, to
set boundaries. The following are essential elements that must be present in every control
description based on the 5W + 1H Approach:
● When: What triggers this control to execute and/or at what frequency is the control
performed? It’s not just the frequency but perhaps an action that has to occur to make
this control operate.
Examples of frequency: Annually, Semi-Annually, Quarterly, Daily, Weekly, Monthly,
Real-Time / Continuous, Per Transaction / Event, Adhoc / as needed etc.
● Who: This is the Control performer, which can be an individual role or entity must include:
- Individual Role/title for manual controls
- Entity - System/application, or models for automated controls
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● What: What action is taken that spots or stops the risk from occurring? E.g. Is it
verification, authorization, reconciliation, due diligence or a safeguarding activity
● How: In what manner is the aforementioned action stopping or spotting the risk
- Manual, automated, or manual-automated1
- Tools/systems used
● Why: Purpose and risk being mitigated and objective being achieved.
● Where (Evidence): Documentation or proof to demonstrate the control’s operation
2. Control Types
Controls may be classified by their level of importance as key and compensating as follows:
a) Control Types based on importance:
Key Controls: A primary control designed to directly mitigate a specific risk or prevent it from
materializing, Key controls are typically the most effective and critical in reducing the likelihood
or impact of a risk.
Examples: System access authentication, Payment authorization limits, Regulatory reporting
reviews, Customer due diligence, Financial reconciliations.
Compensating Controls: A secondary or alternative control implemented to mitigate a risk
when the key control is not in place, is ineffective, or cannot be applied due to specific
constraints (e.g., resource limitations, technical infeasibility). Compensating controls reduce risk
exposure but are often less robust or efficient than the intended key control. e.g. manual review
of system logs.
Examples: Routine data backups, Training completion tracking, Documentation reviews.
Distinguishing Factors and Decision Matrix
Criteria Key Control Compensating Control
Directly mitigates specific, Serves as a backup when a key control is
Primary Role inherent risk missing, delayed, or infeasible
Design Intent Prevents or detects risk Provides a workaround or reduction in
1 See RCSA Playbook Information Sheet of RCSA Playbook for Control Classifications
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Criteria Key Control Compensating Control
exposure
Reliance in Strong reliance (subject to Moderate reliance (may be temporary or
Audit/Testing formal testing) supplementary)
Designed to be permanent Often interim or dependent on external
Sustainability and embedded factors
Failure Likely requires immediate May be acceptable short-term, but requires
Consequence escalation or remediation monitoring and periodic reassessment
b) Control Types based on placement in a process
Based on their placement within a process, controls may be classified as Preventative, Detective,
Corrective and Directive.
Preventative Controls: Actions that reduce the likelihood of an event happening. They are
executed before possible events and address their causes. Preventative Controls are designed to
stop errors, irregularities, or unwanted events from occurring in the first place. They are
proactive in nature, and function as a barrier or gate. Examples: System access restrictions,
Required approval workflows or Input validation rules.
Detective Controls: Actions that take place during or after an event to reduce the impact
through early detection, enabling a timely response. Detective controls are designed to identify
errors, irregularities, or unwanted events that have already occurred. They help identify
deviations or exceptions to enable investigation and correction. Examples: Exception reports,
Audit logs review, Performance monitoring and Variance analysis.
Directive Controls: Actions that provide guidance and set expectations to influence behavior
and decision making. Unlike preventative controls, which reduce risk through barriers or
safeguards, directive controls shape how risks are approached in the first place. Directive
Controls are designed to guide actions toward desired outcomes and encourage compliance
with policies and procedures. These controls may be guidance-oriented aiming to influence
behavior, set expectations or support decision-making. Examples: Policies and procedures,
Training programs, Management oversight, Performance standards.
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Corrective Controls: Actions that take place after an event to mitigate the consequences of
unexpected events and restore normal operations. Unlike detective controls, which identify
issues, corrective controls actively resolve them. Examples: Backups, business continuity plans,
complaints handling etc.
Distinguishing Factors and Decision Matrix
Criteria Preventative Detective Directive Corrective
Timing Before event After event Ongoing After detection
Purpose Stop issues Find issues Guide behavior Fix issues
Nature Proactive Reactive Guiding Remedial
Function Prevent / Barrier Identify / Monitor Guide / Influence Resolve / Restore
Impact Direct Indirect Indirect Direct
c) Control Types based on level of automation
Automated Controls: Controls that operate through system-configured rules, parameters,
algorithms, or artificial intelligence/machine learning models, executing without human
intervention to provide consistent risk mitigation and reliable documentation.
Manual Controls: Controls that are performed by a person without the aid of an automated
system to executive the control.
Manual-Automated (Semi-automated): Controls that have both manual and automated
components, where the system performs part of the control process but human intervention is
required to complete it. When describing semi-automated controls, clearly explaining whether
the automated or manual component or both are key to risk mitigation is recommended,
including the consideration of failure points and impacts.
4.4 Compliance Risks and Controls Library Templates
All identified risks and corresponding controls must be documented using the Risk & Control
Inventory Template. Block’s RCSA Playbook must be consulted for guidance in conjunction with this
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Standard while documenting Compliance related risks and controls. In the event of any conflicts
between this Standard and the RCSA Playbook, the Head of Global Policy and Governance or their
delegate must be consulted to provide a definitive resolution.
4.5 Change Management
The Risk and Control Inventory requires systematic maintenance through both event-driven updates
and scheduled assessments to ensure its continued effectiveness.
Trigger events are specific occurrences that necessitate a review and potential update of the Risk
and Control Inventory. Key trigger events may include, but are not limited to
● Significant modifications to existing processes or introduction of new processes,
● Introductions and/or revisions to relevant frameworks initiated by internal stakeholders
(e.g. revisions to ERM Methodologies, RCSA Standards etc.),
● New product launches or changes to existing product functionalities,
● Changes to the business environment that Block operates in,
● New or revised regulations,
● Insights from internal or external risk assessments or audits that reveal control gaps or
inefficiencies or the emergence of new risks,
● Other Internal stakeholder requests/engagements (e.g. ad-hoc request(s) from Block
Compliance Leadership),
● Organizational strategic shifts, such as market expansion or new product launches, that
alter risk exposure,
● Implementation or significant updates of technology systems impacting risk
management practices.
Risk and control documentation must be reviewed and updated on cadenced schedules defined by
Brand Compliance teams or more frequently if trigger events occur, to account for changes in the
business environment, operational processes, Issues and/or Incidents or regulatory requirements.
Risk and Control documentation data may be informed by and must incorporate inputs from
multiple stakeholders, who leverage this inventory for RCSAs, Enterprise Risk Assessment (ERA),
Annual Risk Assessment (ARA), Global Control Monitoring and Testing (GCMT), bank partner
requests, internal or external audit findings, regulatory and exam findings.
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Head of Global Policy & Governance or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Training
The Brand Program Manager(s) - Risk and Controls Leads are responsible for delivering training to all
Compliance personnel involved in risk and control documentation, as specified in the Compliance
Risk and Control Documentation template, within their respective brands, with the objective of
ensuring that the minimum expectations outlined in this Standard are effectively communicated
and understood.
7. Oversight of Standard
On an ongoing basis, the relevant Risk and Control Leads/Program Managers will oversee Standard
related activities to evaluate adherence to the Standard and determine whether outputs adhere to
established objectives.
8. Exceptions
This standard and its supporting Compliance Risk and Controls Template are intended to
respectively prescribe minimum standards and minimum data fields to ensure harmonization across
Block in the documentation of Compliance related risks and controls. Any intent to deviate from this
standard (and its supporting content) must first be documented, submitted and discussed with the
relevant Brand Program Manager(s) - Compliance related Risks & Controls for decisioning. The
relevant Brand Program Manager(s) - Compliance related Risks & Controls may, in turn, review and
further escalate to the Head of Global Policy & Governance for review, consideration and decisioning
as needed.
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
9. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
10. Implementation Date and Transition Period
Block and all applicable subsidiaries are expected to be in full compliance with requirements of this
document no later than six months after the approval date of this document. As part of the
implementation of the Standard, the Risk and Control Template will be enhanced by mapping
brand-specific risks and controls to broader risk and control categories, enabling Level I, II, III and IV2
Compliance Risk Assessments, including the Annual Risk Assessment (ARA).
11. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Standard Block | RCSA Standard & Supporting Playbook
12. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Reviewer Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Rakhee Suchak Enterprise Risk Reviewed/Appro… Apr 9, 2025
Management
Approval History
Version Approver Title Type Description Date
1.0 Jason Gigliotti Compliance Risk & Initial Ap… Initial Apr 9, 2025
Controls Lead Document
(CashApp & Draft
Afterpay
2 Levels I, II, III and IV represent higher levels of risk categorizations within the ERM Risk taxonomy
and Compliance Risk Assessments.
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Compliance)
1.0 Shane Howe Compliance Risk & Initial Ap… Initial Apr 9, 2025
Controls Lead Document
(Square Draft
Compliance)
1.0 Tina Brister Compliance Risk & Initial Ap… Initial Apr 9, 2025
Controls Lead Document
(Emerging Draft
Businesses)
1.0 John Alfano Head of Global Initial Ap… Initial May 6, 2025
Policy & Document
Governance Draft
13. Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Head of Global Policy & Governance
Document Delegate Brand Program Manager(s) - Risks & Controls
Last Approval Date May 6, 2025
Effective Date May 6, 2025
Approved By Head of Global Policy & Governance
Document Review Schedule [Annually] [April 2026]
Risk and Controls Documentation Standard | Block
17