RETIRED
Regulatory Compliance
Monitoring Program
Square | Squareup International Limited
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block Inc. (“Blockˮ) and
on a need-to-know basis.
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 4
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 6
3. Scope 7
4. Program Requirements 7
4.1 Risk- Based Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Schedule 7
4.2 Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Methodology 8
4.3 Reporting 11
5. Document Management 11
5.1 Document Owner 11
5.2 Review and Approval 11
6. Exceptions 11
7. Record Retention 11
8. Related Documentation or References 12
9. Revision and Approval History 12
10. Document Details 12
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Regulatory The risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, or loss to
reputation Squareup International Limited (“SILˮ) may suffer as a result of its
Compliance Risk
failure to comply with laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, codes of
conduct, regulatory expectations and group wide policies, amongst other
things.
Employees All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and include interns,
temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and
contractors.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Three Lines of The Company operates a Three Lines of Defence model. This model reflects
Defence the segregation between business units (first line), the compliance and risk
management functions (second line), and the independent internal audit
function (third line).
First Line of The first line of defence is responsible for maintaining the effectiveness of
Defence operations processing and controls in their respective units. In terms of
compliance monitoring the businessʼ role is to identify, manage and escalate
emerging issues or risks to Compliance and senior management to include
the Regulatory Governance Committee and the SIL Board if warranted. Also
to facilitate EU Compliance in conducting its own monitoring, the first line is
required to provide data, documentation, management information etc., on
request, in a timely manner. If non-compliances or concerns are identified via
monitoring, the relevant business leads are to work with EU Compliance to
determine the root cause and associated action plans to address the same.
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Second Line of EU Compliance as a second line function is responsible for providing
Defence ongoing oversight, guidance on requirements and independently evaluating
the first lineʼs adherence to defined standards. EU Compliance is responsible
for conducting compliance monitoring in accordance with this Regulatory
Compliance Monitoring Program and its underlying compliance monitoring
procedure, reportable to the EU Chief Compliance Officer (“EU CCOˮ), the
Regulatory Governance Committee and the SIL Board, when required.
Enterprise Risk function, as another limb of the second line, is responsible for
the assessment, monitoring and reporting of risk, to include financial crime,
regulatory, financial, technology, strategic and operational risks.
Third Line of The third line, internal audit function is responsible for providing independent
Defence assurance on the effectiveness of risk management, including control
activities, by performing audits of business level activities and second-line
functionality.
Regulatory The role of the RGC is to assist SILʼs executive director(s), Chief Executive
Governance Officer and other senior managers in relation to their oversight of SILʼs risk
Committee (“RGCˮ) and compliance management framework and current risk exposures. In order
to facilitate this, subject-matter experts update the Committee on areas
including, but not limited to, the results of the Compliance monitoring
reviews. The RGC is to review, assess and challenge these results.
SIL Board (“Boardˮ) The Board is responsible for managing and overseeing all aspects of the
Companyʼs business including, but not limited to, ensuring compliance with
all applicable laws and regulatory guidelines/obligations. To this end, the
Board is to review, assess and challenge the results of the Compliance
monitoring reviews, reported to it.
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program (“Programˮ) outlines SILʼs approach to be applied by the
EU Compliance team when conducting second line compliance monitoring.The EU CCO is responsible for
the management of this Program.
This Program will be executed by SILʼs EU Compliance team, and is separate to and distinct from the
Global Compliance Monitoring and Testing (“GCMTˮ) Program. Both teams that execute on these
respective programs form part of the second line of defence in SIL. Both monitoring and testing are
important tools used for the oversight of SILʼs compliance risk management program, but serve two
different oversight roles to achieve this objective.
This Program involves the ongoing surveillance, review, and analysis of key management information,
metrics and risk indicators, established by EU Compliance and or the relevant business area under review,
allowing SIL to identify potential non-compliances.
The GCMT program is a dynamic, risk-based, independent compliance oversight process designed to
periodically select and review a regulatory area and report on the operating effectiveness of internal
controls and governance processes.
The two programs combined bring a systematic, disciplined testing approach to SILʼs oversight activities
and provides key stakeholders and Board with relevant risk and control information so that control owners
can take prompt remedial action.
2. Purpose
SIL conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. In support of this, this
Program has been designed to:
● Manage Regulatory Compliance Risks;
● Identify, correct, and report compliance-related gaps and deficiencies;
● Satisfy the monitoring expectations of SILʼs regulator; and
● Provide assurance to Board, senior management, and stakeholders on the status of
compliance.
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
3. Scope
This Program is established by SIL and is applicable to all its Employees.
4. Program Requirements
4.1 Risk-Based Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Schedule
Compliance management begins with the assessment and identification of risks. Using a risk based
approach, the Compliance monitoring schedule (“the Scheduleˮ) focuses on key Regulatory Compliance
Risk for EU Compliance to monitor, and sets out the types of monitoring to be conducted, the frequency of
such monitoring and the reporting of issues arising from the monitoring.
The EU CCO must approve the annual Schedule which is prepared by the EU Compliance Team and any
changes thereto. Scheduled Compliance monitoring may be moved to accommodate staffing or resources
constraints/needs, to align with changes to risk levels etc., provided the EU CCOʼs approval is obtained.
4.2 Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Methodology
At a high level, the methodology used for conducting monitoring activity Figure 1 is:
1. Data/facts;
2. Monitoring; and,
3. Management Acts.
Figure 1 Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Methodology
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Data/Facts
It is vital for effective monitoring that EU Compliance connects to the relevant, meaningful, concise and
complete data. This data is to be obtained from/reported by the first line of defence to EU Compliance as
requested, in a timely manner.
● Monitor
EU Compliance is to then monitor this data for exceptions compared to processes, policies, procedures or
programs that have been designed to ensure compliance. In other words, EU Compliance is to monitor
adherence to regulatory requirements and/or internal policies and procedures. Monitoring results are to
be RAG (“Red, Amber, Greenˮ) rated according to the results rating matrix Figure 2)below.
Figure 2 : Monitoring Results Rating Matrix
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
RAG ratings of specific monitoring results may change as new information becomes available during the
review process with the business. Further, the EU CCO has override authority for result ratings, and may
make substantive modifications to the way gaps are summarised and presented, provided any such
changes are documented with supporting rationales.
The types of monitoring to be conducted may include analysis of data, key risk indicators, reports, trends
as well as sample/dip testing of files, transactions, cases, account records, etc.
It is important to note that this Program should evolve,as well as the types of data subject to monitoring, as
the business evolves and its risk profile changes.
● Management Acts
○ Root Cause Analysis
Root cause analysis is an approach used to analyse problems before trying to solve them. The primary
goal of root cause analysis is to identify the underlying reason for breakdowns in processes or systems,
which leads to better resolution plans and reduces the likelihood that a problem reoccurs.
Where exceptions, non-compliances and or concerns are identified via Compliance monitoring, the
relevant first line team is to conduct a root cause analysis (with the assistance of EU Compliance if
required), for onward reporting to EU Compliance.
○ Resolution
It is important that root cause analysis is performed prior to attempting to resolve an issue, in order to
narrow down the potential issues causing exceptions to business as usual. The resolution to be adopted is
dependent on the root cause of the problem and also based on the severity of the problem. Each first line
team that is responsible for the non-compliance is to identify and work towards a resolution, which the EU
CCO is to assess.
Timing is critical to this process. As soon as an exception has been identified during the monitoring
process, reporting stakeholders, including senior managers, are to be kept informed throughout the
remainder of the monitoring process, including notification of the resolution and timeframe for resolution.
All root cause analysis and resolution documentation shall be maintained by the relevant first line team.
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.3 Reporting
Details of the Compliance monitoring review are to be reported quarterly, bi-annually or annually as per
the Schedule. This type of reporting provides transparency into the first lineʼs adherence to its regulatory
compliance requirements, significant compliance deficiencies or systemic weaknesses discovered,
emerging risks and issue remediation status. The recipients of these reports, be they individuals or
forums, are detailed within the Schedule. As detailed earlier, the results of the Compliance monitoring are
to be RAG rated. Only Amber and Red rated results are reportable to the RGC and only Red rated results
are reportable to the Board.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the EU CCO or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance
with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Exceptions
The EU CCO or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy,
provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and regulations.
Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a
description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the
exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance
Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and
applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
7. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Blockʼs Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
8. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Procedure Compliance Monitoring Procedure | Square…
9. Revision and Approval History
Version Approver Title Type Description Date
1.0 Danielle Carm… EU Regulatory Material … 16 November
Program 2022
Manager
2.0 Elizabeth Henry EU CCO Immateri… 23 January 2023
2.1 dcarmody@sq… EU Regulatory Immateri… 8 March 2023
Program
Manager
2.2 Sydney Nam Block Policy Immateri… Updated 16 October 2023
Governance template.
Coordinator
3.0 Danielle Carm… EU Regulatory Schedule… No change 23 January 2024
Program
Manager
4.0 Danielle Carm… EU Regulatory Schedule… Migrated 26 March 2025
Program original
Manager version to
new template
Elizabeth Henry EU CCO Schedule… and restricted April 9, 2025
and edited
content. No
material
changes
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
10. Document Details
Business Square
Scope Regional EU
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner EU COO
Last Approval Date April 9, 2025
Effective Date April 9, 2025
Approved By EU CCO
Document Review Schedule Annually March 2026
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring Program | Square | Squareup International Limited
12