Continuous Customer Risk
Rating Standard
Cash App | U.S.
June 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Block, Inc (“Block”) and
on a need-to-know basis.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 6
3. Scope 7
4. Standard Requirements 7
4.1 Standard Design 7
4.1.1 Empirical Risk 7
4.1.2 Activation Customer Risk Rating (aCRR) 7
4.1.3 Continuous Customer Risk Rating (cCRR) 8
4.1.4 Model Features 8
4.2 Intrinsic Risk 8
4.2.1 Intrinsic Risk Attributes 8
4.3 Due Diligence Reviews 9
5. Document Management 9
5.1 Document Owner 9
5.2 Review and Approval 9
6. Monitoring and Reporting 9
7. Exceptions 10
8. Record Retention 10
9. Related Documentation or References 10
10. Revision and Approval History 10
11. Document Details 11
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Customer Risk A methodology/model used in risk determination of a customer account at
Rating (“CRR”) onboarding/activation as well on an ongoing/continuous basis.
Empirical Risk A risk score determined using machine learning and data, reflecting the
likelihood that a customer or account poses a financial crime risk.
Intrinsic Risk Risk of a customer as determined by the presence of a specific attribute, or
intrinsic risk factor. Intrinsically, high-risk customers are considered high risk
regardless of empirical risk.
Activation Customer A machine learning model and score associated with a one-time snapshot of
Risk Rating (“aCRR”) initial customer risk taken at onboarding.
Continuous A machine learning model and score associated with a periodically updated
Customer Risk (i.e. ongoing) assessment of customer risk.
Rating (“cCRR”)
Know Your Customer KYC includes the process of establishing risk-based controls to reasonably
(“KYC”) identify and verify the identity of Block’s customers. The term KYC may also be
referred to as Know Your Business (KYB) when dealing with non-individual
entities or business customers.
Staff References to “staff” throughout this document shall refer to all full-time
employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including interns, temps,
consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Regulatory The Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning team is responsible for
Compliance Machine maintaining both the aCRR and cCRR models, ensuring accuracy and
Learning Team compliance with regulatory requirements. This includes managing the aCRR
model for onboarding risk assessments and the cCRR model for ongoing risk
evaluation.
Customer The COM Team is responsible for conducting customer risk reviews based on
Onboarding and the risk ratings generated by the Customer Risk Rating models. They ensure
Management that the standard is in compliance with best practices and applicable
(“COM”) Team regulations (e.g., AML/BSA requirements). Additionally, the COM Team makes
suggestions for improvements to the standard, including overrides where
necessary, and assists with the maintenance of the CRR system. This team
plays a critical role in operationalizing the CRR models, ensuring that high-risk
customers receive appropriate Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDD”) and
supporting ongoing monitoring efforts.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
The cornerstone of a strong anti-money laundering (“AML”) compliance program is the adoption and
implementation of risk-based due diligence policies, procedures, and processes for all customers,
particularly those that present a higher risk for money laundering and terrorist financing. In order to achieve
this, Cash App has designed and implemented a customer risk rating program that assesses a customer's
profile, assigns a risk rating, and monitors the risk levels of customers.
This Customer Risk Rating Standard (“Standard”) outlines Cash App’s approach to monitoring and managing
customer risk throughout the customer lifecycle. The Head of Customer Onboarding and Management
(“COM”) is responsible for management of this Standard.
This Continuous Customer Risk Rating (“cCRR”) Standard enables Cash App to apply appropriate ongoing
risk-based controls to mitigate potential exposure to money laundering, terrorist financing, and financial
crimes. This document covers the development and design of a machine learning (“ML”)-based cCRR
Standard.
While the activation Customer Risk Rating (“aCRR”) model handles the one-time risk rating of accounts
post-activation (or onboarding), the cCRR model is responsible for the ongoing risk rating of accounts during
the lifetime of the account on the platform. Improper assessment of a customer’s risk can have a cascading
effect, creating deficiencies in multiple areas of internal controls and resulting in an overall weakened AML
compliance program.
2. Purpose
Cash App conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations including but not limited
to the Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”), AML laws, and countering the financing of terrorism (“CFT”) regulations.
The purpose of this Standard is to further Cash App’s ability to provide a structured and ongoing approach
for assessing customer risk. This Standard supports the company’s efforts to fulfil regulatory obligations by
employing a risk-based approach to monitor and manage customer behavior throughout the customer
lifecycle. The aCRR model assesses the risk level of an account at the time of onboarding, while the cCRR
model reassesses account risk throughout the account's lifecycle. Together, these models enable Cash App
to maintain ongoing vigilance in identifying and mitigating financial crime risks. The cCRR model is designed
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
to continuously evaluate customer activity, providing updated assessments of the potential risk of financial
crimes.
In accordance with industry best practices and regulatory guidance, this Standard outlines the requirements
for the development, maintenance, and execution of the cCRR Standard. It ensures that customers posing a
high risk are subject to Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDD”) and that the standard remains compliant with the
evolving regulatory landscape.
By adhering to this Standard, Cash App aims to safeguard its platform from misuse, protect its customers,
and maintain compliance with the relevant laws governing financial services.
3. Scope
This Standard is established by Cash App and is applicable to all Cash App entities in the United States.
4. Standard Requirements
4.1 Standard Design
Accounts are periodically risk rated on ongoing account activity or change in their profile information. Cash
App allows customers to operate more than one account on the platform. Customer risk is defined as the
highest level risk across all accounts operated by the customer. These customer risk ratings may be used in
part to determine which customers may require enhanced due diligence by Compliance teams.
4.1.1 Empirical Risk
Cash App uses machine learning and a data-driven approach to assess the ongoing risk of each account.
These assessments include a variety of sources of information about an account, and the model is trained
using historical data. Model-based assessment of account risk is known as empirical risk.
4.1.2 Activation Customer Risk Rating (aCRR)
The aCRR model assigns a risk score to new accounts immediately after onboarding (alias-link event). The
aCRR model produces a score between 0.0 and 1.0, with 1.0 indicating maximum risk and 0.0 indicating
minimal risk. The aCRR model is designed to facilitate the early detection of high-risk accounts that may
require EDD within the first seven days of activation. Please refer to Block’s Activation Customer Risk Rating
Standard for details.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.1.3 Continuous Customer Risk Rating (cCRR)
The cCRR model produces a score between 0.0 and 1.0, with 1.0 indicating maximum risk and 0.0 indicating
minimal risk. The cCRR model leverages a wide range of information about an account and its behavior. This
score is considered a current assessment of the risk of suspicious/illicit activity posed by an account given
the information available as of the evaluation date.
Cash App refers to accounts that display high cCRR model scores as empirically high risk, meaning that their
overall data (i.e. their actions and collection of features) led the model to consider them sufficiently risky to
receive additional scrutiny in the form of an EDD review.
The cCRR score thresholds that define an account's risk rating are selected using a framework that balances
precision and recall, outlined in Cash App’s cCRR System Design document.
4.1.4 Model Features
The features considered for use in the cCRR model were selected based on regulatory requirements,
guidance, and industry best practices. Details of the specific features used in the aCRR and cCRR models
can be found in Cash App’s cCRR System Design and related documents.
4.2 Intrinsic Risk
Cash App believes that if a customer displays certain attributes (i.e. overrides), they ought to be considered
high risk regardless of their empirical model scores. Cash App refers to this as intrinsic customer risk; the
specific attributes that lead to this assessment are referred to as intrinsic risk attributes. An account is
considered to pose an intrinsic risk if it displays one or more intrinsic risk factors. These accounts are
subjected to regular monitoring and adverse action equal to or exceeding that of empirically high risk
accounts.
4.2.1 Intrinsic Risk Attributes
Intrinsic risk attributes are selected with the assistance of the product and subject matter experts (e.g.,
Product Compliance Managers, COM program managers, KYC Leads, and International Compliance Leads)
where applicable. These intrinsic risk attributes include confirmed high risk politically exposed person
(“PEP”) hits, high-risk adverse media hits, bitcoin activity with terrorist financing signals from third-party
providers, and customers with businesses in high-risk business categories.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.3 Due Diligence Reviews
The scores generated by the CRR models are a fundamental aspect of Cash App’s AML risk management
framework. The scores are used as an input to ensure that risk-based due diligence and ongoing monitoring
is applied to Cash App customers and accounts.
Accounts with high cCRR score are flagged for EDD review when they become high risk and receive ongoing
EDD reviews every 90 days until they are no longer high risk.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Head of Cash App Customer Onboarding and Management or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
The Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning team manages the cCRR model and is responsible for the
training, rollout, execution, and periodic updates. The change management process follows the Model
Change Management Process.
The model will be monitored for re-tuning on at least an annual basis. This re-tuning is performed by the
Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning team. Model tuning may also be revisited when new products or
services are offered, there are material legal and/or regulatory changes, or material updates are made to
existing products that impact the company’s risk profile. It is the responsibility of Cash App’s Compliance
team to inform the Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning team when these instances occur.
6. Monitoring and Reporting
As part of the ongoing monitoring process, relevant and appropriate metrics that continuously monitor the
model’s effectiveness will be reported to the relevant stakeholders, including Compliance Leads. Cash App’s
Compliance Assurance and Internal Audit team may also perform assurance and audit of the cCRR Standard
as determined by their risk-based monitoring and audit plans.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
7. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Standard exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the
exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Standard Governance
Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and
applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
8. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance, whichever is longer.
9. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Standard [2024 DRAFT] Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
Related Procedure Block - Model Change Management Procedure
Related Document [US] CashApp aCRR v2 System Design
Related Document [US] CashApp cCRR System Design
10. Revision and Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Vijay Sathish Head of Creation Jun 9, 2023
Compliance
Engineering &
Technology - Data,
Cash App
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Tyler Hand Head of Initial Approval Jun 15, 2023
Compliance, Cash
App
Sydney Nam Block Policy Immaterial Ch… Updated template. October 16,
Governance 2023
Coordinator
Jonathan Diaz COM Program Material Chan… Updated Content to September 19,
Manager standard 2024
requirements,
amended ownership of
document, inclusion of
new Introduction,
Purpose, and Scope,
Definitions, and roles
and responsibilities
Megan Gonzales Head of Financial Scheduled Re… No material updates. Jun 2, 2025
Crimes, Cash App Alignment of content
and sections to meet
document template
requirements.
11. Document Details
Business Cash App
Scope Regional [US]
Compliance Domain Compliance Engineering & Technology
Document Owner Block Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning Lead
Last Approval Date Jun 2, 2025
Effective Date Jun 2, 2025
Approved By Head of Compliance, Cash App;
Head of Financial Crimes, Cash App
Document Review Schedule Annually [May 2026]
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
11