Continuous Customer Risk
Rating Standard
Square
May 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Block, Inc. and
on a need-to-know basis.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 5
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 8
4. Standard Requirements 8
4.1 Process Presentation 8
4.2 Standard Design 9
4.2.1 Empirical Customer Risk 9
Activation Customer Risk Rating (aCRR) 9
Continuous Customer Risk Rating (cCRR) 10
4.2.2 Intrinsic Customer Risk 10
4.2.3 Eligibility 10
Evaluation Eligibility 10
Alerting Eligibility 10
Intrinsic Risk Alerting Eligibility 11
Empirical Risk Alerting Eligibility 11
4.3 Model Usage 11
4.3.1 Intended Usage 11
4.3.2 Non-Intended Usage 11
4.4 Reviews & Revisions 11
5. Document Management 12
5.1 Document Owner 12
5.2 Review and Approval 12
6. Monitoring and Reporting 12
7. Exceptions 12
8. Record Retention 13
9. Related Documentation or References 13
10. Revision and Approval History 13
11. Document Details 14
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Customer Risk A methodology/model used in risk determination of a customer account both
Rating (“CRRˮ) initially and on an ongoing basis.
Activation Customer A machine learning model and score associated with a one-time snapshot of
Risk Rating (“aCRRˮ) initial customer risk taken at onboarding.
Continuous A machine learning model and score associated with a periodically updated
Customer Risk (i.e. ongoing) assessment of customer risk.
Rating (“cCRRˮ)
Empirical Customer A risk score determined using machine learning and data, reflecting the
Risk likelihood that a customer or account poses a financial crime risk.
Intrinsic Customer Risk of a customer as determined by the presence of a specific attribute, or
Risk intrinsic risk factor. Intrinsically high-risk customers are considered high risk
regardless of empirical risk.
Above the Line A phrase indicating that an account meets all predefined criteria.
(“ATLˮ)
Below the Line A phrase indicating that an account does not meet all the predefined criteria.
(“BTLˮ)
Identity Verification The process of confirming an individual or business identity.
(“IDVˮ)
Enhanced Due An in-depth set of procedures and holistic review of a customer by operation
Diligence (“EDDˮ) teams.
Staff Members All full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including
interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Compliance ● Review alerts and investigate associated activity
Operations ● Decision alerts
● Escalate accounts for unusual or suspicious activity
International ● Approver of the standard
Compliance Leads ● Reviewer of individuals/businesses escalated by Compliance for the
specific region
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Policy & Governance ● Development and maintenance of Blockʼs Model Governance Policy
Team
Model Risk ● Complete periodic model validation of the CRR models
Management Team
Regulatory ● Establish and maintain CRR models, parameters, thresholds, and
Compliance queueing infrastructure
Machine Learning ● Provide reporting to senior leadership on queue completion,
performance, and enhancements
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Purpose
The cornerstone of a strong anti-money laundering (“AMLˮ) compliance program is the adoption and
implementation of risk-based due diligence policies, procedures, and processes for all customers,
particularly those that present a higher risk for money laundering and terrorist financing. In order to
achieve this, Square has designed and implemented a customer risk rating standard that assesses a
customer's profile, assigns a risk rating, and monitors the risk levels of customers.
This Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard (“Standardˮ) outlines Squareʼs approach to assessing and
monitoring risks posed by customers. The Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning Lead or their
designee is responsible for management of this Standard.
This Continuous Customer Risk Rating (“CRRˮ) Standard (the “Standardˮ) enables Square to apply
appropriate risk-based controls to mitigate potential exposure to money laundering, terrorism financing,
and financial crimes. Improper assessment of a customerʼs risk can have a cascading effect, creating
deficiencies in multiple areas of internal controls and resulting in an overall weakened AML compliance
program.
All new and/or active customers are risk-rated daily using a ML-based Continuous CRR (“cCRRˮ) model.
This model defines the risk ratings for customers, which may be used in part to determine the customers
that may require enhanced due diligence by Compliance teams. The relevant team leads, along with
Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning, establish the criteria for the usage of the cCRR model output.
This document covers the development and design of a machine learning MLbased CRR standard for all
markets in which Square operates, and is applicable to all Staff Members and subsidiaries used for the
Square business. Exclusions, if any, will be case-by-case and documented explicitly.
Model Usage
Intended Usage1
The intended usage of the cCRR model is to:
1 Reflects key usage scenarios without necessarily being exhaustive. Specific details are captured in the system documentation.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Generate regular risk scores for customer accounts;
● Combine the model score with heuristic criteria to identify empirically high-risk customers for
manual review; and
● Potentially be used in part to determine other applications, such as KYC information refresh
frequency, quality control sampling, etc.
Non-Intended Usage
The intended usage of the cCRR model does not include taking automatic negative action (i.e. without
human intervention) on a large number of customers.
2. Customer Risk
2.1 Empirical Customer Risk
Square uses machine learning models to assess the risk of each customer. These assessments of
customer risk include a variety of sources of information about a customer, and models are trained using
historical data. We refer to model-based assessments of customer risk as empirical risk. Square uses two
machine learning models to assess empirical risk across the life of a customer: the Activation CRR and
Continuous CRR models.
Activation Customer Risk Rating (aCRR)
Every customer who onboards through the automated payment onboarding flow and successfully passes
identity verification (“IDVˮ) is evaluated by the aCRR machine learning model. The aCRR model evaluation
produces a score between 0.0 and 1.0, with 1.0 indicating maximum risk and 0.0 indicating minimal risk.
This score should be thought of as a one-time snapshot assessment of the risk associated with the
attributes of a customer that are observable during onboarding. A customerʼs aCRR score is stored and
used as an input into the cCRR model. Additional details on aCRR can be found in
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block .
Continuous Customer Risk Rating (“cCRRˮ)
Customers globally are evaluated daily by the cCRR machine learning model. The cCRR model produces a
score between 0.0 and 1.0, with 1.0 indicating maximum risk and 0.0 indicating minimal risk. The cCRR
model leverages a wide range of information about a customer and their behavior. This score should be
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
considered a current assessment of the risk of suspicious/illicit activity posed by a customer given the
information available as of the evaluation date.
Square refers to customers who display high cCRR model scores as empirically high risk, meaning that
their overall data (i.e. their actions and collection of attributes) led the model to consider them sufficiently
risky to receive additional scrutiny in the form of Enhanced Due Diligence (“EDDˮ) review.
2.2 Intrinsic Customer Risk
Machine learning-based empirical assessments of customer risk can be powerful, and in some markets,
these empirical assessments of risk may be sufficient to fully describe the high-risk population under
Squareʼs CRR Standard. In some markets, however, there may be certain characteristics a customer
displays that Square believes should lead them to be considered as high risk, regardless of their empirical
model scores. Square refers to this as intrinsic customer risk; the specific attributes that lead to this
assessment are referred to as intrinsic risk factors. Which attributes, if any, are considered to be intrinsic
risk factors will vary across markets, based upon the specific risk profile of each market.
A customer is considered to be intrinsically high risk if they display one or more intrinsic risk factors.
Intrinsically high-risk customers are subjected to regular monitoring equal to or exceeding that of
empirically high-risk customers.
3. System Architecture
Process Presentation
Figure 1 Process flow diagram to use cCRR in conjunction with country specific business logic to generate
alerts for review by Compliance Operations:
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4. Machine Review Parameters
The Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning Team manages the cCRR model and is responsible for the
training, rollout, execution and periodic updates. The change management process in the following
document should be conformed to for any changes to the cCRR model:
Block - Model Change Management Procedure
Square takes a trigger-based approach to tuning the cCRR model. cCRR model thresholds will be re-tuned
in the event that the BTL sample productivity rises above 5%. The cCRR model will be initially eligible for
re-tuning one year following deployment, and will be monitored for re-tuning on a continuous basis
thereafter.
In addition, the cCRR model will be revisited as necessary, including when new products or services are
offered, there are material legal and/or regulatory changes, material updates are made to existing
products, and/or when new markets are entered that will impact the companyʼs risk profile.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.1 ML Model Details
For ML model details, please refer to Section 4.1 in Square - Global Continuous CRR System Design.
4.2 Global Sampling
For global sampling details, please refer to Section 4.2 in Square - Global Continuous CRR System
Design.
5. Eligibility Determination
5.1 Evaluation Eligibility
Evaluation eligibility refers to those customers who are eligible to be evaluated by the cCRR model. All new
and/or active customers are considered eligible to be evaluated by the cCRR model.
5.2 Alerting Eligibility
Not all customers who are evaluated may be immediately eligible for EDD review.There may be certain
minimum eligibility requirements that must be met in order for a customer to become eligible for alert
generation. Eligibility requirements may differ for assessments of Intrinsic Customer Risk and Empirical
Customer Risk, and may differ for initial and ongoing review. In each case, Square seeks to maximize the
customers eligible for review during their lifecycle, while providing agents sufficient data to reach a
high-confidence decision upon review.
5.3 Intrinsic Risk Alerting Eligibility
Intrinsically high-risk customers, due to their high-risk nature, have lower eligibility requirements than their
empirically high-risk counterparts, which are determined by the risk appetite of each market.
5.4 Empirical Risk Alerting Eligibility
Square takes a risk-based approach to determining eligibility for the review of empirically high-risk
customers in the course of both initial and ongoing monitoring. In order to ensure that agents have
sufficient data about a customer to make accurate assessments, the eligibility requirements for initial or
ongoing empirical review involve minimum levels of activity. These minimum levels may include such
specific metrics as individual transaction counts, active days, processing volume, and other similar
metrics.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
6. Alerting Threshold
Refer to Section 6 in Square - [Global] Continuous CRR System Design.
7. Quality Control
Refer to Section 7 in Square - [Global] Continuous CRR System Design.
8. Explainability
Refer to Section 8 in Square - [Global] Continuous CRR System Design.
9. Production System Details
Refer to Section 9 in Square - [Global] Continuous CRR System Design.
10. Document Management
10.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning Lead or their designee.
10.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in accordance
with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
11. Monitoring and Reporting
As part of the ongoing monitoring process, relevant and appropriate metrics that continuously monitor the
modelʼs effectiveness will be reported to the relevant stakeholders, including Compliance Leads. Key
metrics include, but are not limited to, above the line (“ATLˮ) and below the line (“BTLˮ) productivity.
12. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the
exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance
Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and
applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
13. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Blockʼs Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance, whichever is longer.
14. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Standard Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
Related Document Square - Global Continuous CRR System Design
Related Procedure Block - Model Change Management Procedure
15. Revision and Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Chris Nasrallah Regulatory Creation May 18, 2023
Compliance
Machine Learning
Lead
Sayaka Kobay… CCO, Square Initial Appro… May 29, 2023
Japan KK
Lance Howard CCO, Square Initial Appro… May 28, 2023
Australia Pty Ltd
Jeff White CCO, Square Initial Appro… May 25, 2023
Canada, Inc.
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Melissa Benja… Square Initial Appro… May 26, 2023
Compliance
Operations Lead
Elizabeth Henry CCO, Squareup Initial Appro… May 25, 2023
Europe Limited
Interim Head of
Compliance,
Squareup
International
Limited
Sydney Nam Block Policy Immaterial C… Update template. October 16, 2023
Governance
Coordinator
Megan Gonzal… Head of Financial Scheduled R… No material May 20, 2025
Crimes, Cash App updates.
Alignment of
Melissa Benja… Head of Program Scheduled R… content and May 29, 2025
Management and sections to meet
Quality, Square document
Compliance template
requirements.
16. Document Details
Business Square
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Compliance Engineering & Technology
Document Owner Block Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning
Lead
Last Approval Date May 29, 2025
Effective Date May 29, 2025
Approved By Head of Financial Crimes, Cash App;
Head of Program Management and Quality,
Square Compliance
Document Review Schedule Annually May 2026
Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
13