Business Activity Monitoring Policy
Block, Inc. | Cash App
Last Approved: Aug 12, 2025
Effective Date: Aug 12, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: The Business Activity Monitoring Policy (“Policyˮ) defines Cash App's
approach to identifying business activity conducted in Personal Accounts, along with
corresponding action taken. This Policy is critical to ensuring our customers are using the correct
account type based on their intended use of Cash App. The Cash App Product team is responsible
for complying with this Policy.
Scope: This Policy is established by Cash App and is applicable to all Block entities used for the
Cash App business. Cash App facilitates peer-to-peer ("P2P") payments, enabling customers to
send fiat currency from one account to another. Payments can be funded by the customerʼs Cash
App balance or linked instruments, such as debit or credit cards. Cash App accounts can generally
be used for either personal or business use. To remain compliant with this Policy, customers must
use the appropriate account type based on the nature of their transactions. This is critical to
ensuring we are able to continuously and effectively monitor customer accounts and transactions,
understand our relationship with our customers, and ensure we are able to maintain compliance
with relevant tax reporting obligations. Personal accounts are for personal, non-commercial use,
while payments for goods and services require a C4B account.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Business BAM is a process designed to monitor, detect, and if necessary action
Activity personal accounts operating as a Business.
Monitoring
(“BAMˮ)
BAM Team Employee(s), which includes Engineering, Product, Compliance, Legal,
Design, and Risk Machine Learning, who support the BAM program.

Business A Business is generally defined as an individual or entity accepting payments
for goods and services.
Cash App for A C4B account is designed to support certain types of businesses providing
Business goods or services to their consumers. In order to open a C4B account, users
(“C4Bˮ) are required to provide certain information about the business in order to
Account verify the identity of the business.
Personal A Personal Account is designed to allow Cash App customers to send or
Account receive funds for personal, non-commercial purposes.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Cash for Business Accounts
Generally, a Business can be defined as an individual or entity providing a good or service to
consumers in exchange for money. On Cash App, if a customer uses their account for selling
goods or services, they must create a C4B account. In order to open a C4B account, a user is
required to provide certain information about themselves and their Business in order to verify and
open the account.
To mitigate the risk of customers using their personal account for business activity, Cash App has
established a Business Activity Monitoring (“BAMˮ) system.
2.2. BAM System
The BAM system is a coordinated effort across Product, Engineering, Design, Risk and Compliance
designed to monitor, detect, and if necessary, take action on personal accounts primarily being
used for business purposes. This approach may leverage a combination of machine learning
models, heuristics, and/or other data intelligence to identify suspected business operating
personal accounts and take action commensurate with the level of confidence in the underlying
accountʼs activity. The outcome of these detections may result in directing potentially
non-compliant personal accounts toward C4B onboarding, provided their business activities are
legally permissible and do not fall within Section “4. Unsupported Industries" of the Cash For
Business Payment Terms.
2.3. Implementation Date and Transition Period
To enforce this policy, Cash App has developed a risk-based Business Account Migration BAM
system with the requirements outlined in this Policy effective September 2025.

All Block entities used for the Cash App Business are expected to be in full compliance with
requirements of this document no later than six 6 months after the approval date of this
document.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● Product Counsel
○ Product Counsel provides legal advice to Product teams building, designing and
implementing BAM. Additionally, Product Counsel provides interpretative advice
and counsel regarding the applicability and application of the requirements of this
Policy to Cash Appʼs business.
● Business Product Compliance
○ Business Product Compliance provides Compliance advisory support to enable
BAM, inclusive of potential regulatory, operational, and/or consumer protection
implications. Business Product Compliance owns the Policy and ensures
adherence.
● Product Manager
○ The Product Manager is responsible for ensuring Cash Appʼs BAM process is
designed and implemented to abide by the Policy described within.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ad hoc basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
3.3. Training
While no explicit training is required to relevant BAM personnel for the implementation of this
system, outside of their usual business training considerations, Product Compliance will provide an
annual notification to the BAM Team to review the Business Activity System Policy and verify the
BAM System is adhering to the Policy.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
Applicable regulatory requirements

3.5. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Definition of Business Activity
● Business Activity Risk Program Overview Doc
● Cash App | Know Your Business Standard
● Cash App | Know Your Customer Standard
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Ronnie Was… BAM Product Initial Appro… Document May 7, 2025
Manager Creation

Megan Gon… Head of Financial Initial Appro… Initial Approval Jun 23, 2025
Crimes
Jason Liber… Head of Product Initial Appro… Initial Approval Jun 20, 2025
Compliance
Compliance Compliance Policy Initial Appro… Initial Approval Aug 12, 2025
Policy Committee
Committee
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope Regional - US
Compliance Domain Governance
Document Owner Head of Business Product Compliance & Partnerships
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2