Afterpay Third Party Risk Management Policy
Afterpay Canada Limited
Last Approved: Aug 8, 2025
Effective Date: Aug 8, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Afterpay Third Party Risk Management Policy ("Policy") outlines
Afterpay Canada Limited's approach to managing third-party risks across its operations. Afterpay
Canada Limited ("Afterpay") is a registered Payment Service Provider (“PSPˮ) operating under the
Retail Payment Activities Act (“RPAAˮ) and regulated by the Bank of Canada. As part of its
obligations under the RPAA, Afterpay must ensure that its third-party risk management practices
are robust, proportionate to risk, and aligned with the expectations set forth under the RPAA. This
policy establishes Afterpay's framework for identifying, assessing, managing, and monitoring risks
associated with third-party vendors, with particular focus on Third-Party Service Providers
(“TPSPsˮ) as defined under the RPAA. The purpose of this Policy is to establish a comprehensive
framework for managing third-party risks across Afterpay's operations. It sets out the principles,
responsibilities, and controls required to ensure that all TPSP arrangements are assessed and
governed in a manner that is consistent with regulatory expectations and industry best practices.
Scope: This document is established by Afterpay and is applicable globally across all business
lines or functions that support Afterpay. References to "staff" throughout this document shall refer
to all Afterpay full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including interns, temps,
consultants, vendor personnel, third-party provider personnel, and contractors. This document
applies to all employees and affiliates acting for or on behalf of Afterpay, as well as to all functions
that support Afterpay's operations.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Afterpay The consumer-facing product provided by Afterpay
Canada Ltd that offers, among other things, 'Buy Now
Pay Later' functionality.

Terminology Definition
Bank of Canada Regulator responsible for administering and enforcing
the RPAA, including registering PSPs and supervising
their compliance with the legislation.
Block, Inc. Block, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the ultimate
parent of Afterpay.
TPSP Service Services provided by a TPSP that impacts the provision,
availability or performance of one or more of Afterpay's
retail payment activities.
Third Party Service Provider A TPSP is any external third party or intra-group entity
(“TPSPˮ) that provides Afterpay with services supporting
Afterpay's retail payment activities, as defined under the
Retail Payment Activities Act.
RPAA Retail Payment Activities Act
Service Arrangements A contractual agreement between Afterpay and a
third-party provider outlining the specific services,
deliverables, and performance expectations for the
service being provided.
Third Party Vendors Afterpay Third Party Vendors are non-TPSPs that provide
services which are unrelated to Afterpay's provision of
retail payment services.
TPSP Register A document that contains the risk profiles of each TPSP
for Afterpay, including TPSP's inherent risks, controls,
findings and ongoing monitoring and performance
results.
TPSP Determination Assessment An assessment tool used to determine applicability of
third-party arrangements that support Afterpay's retail
payment functions and operations.
2. Policy/Program Requirements
2.1 RPAA Obligations
Under the RPAA, a TPSP means an individual or entity that, under a contract, provides a PSP with a
service related to a payment function and that is not an employee or agent or mandatary of the
payment service provider.

If Afterpay receives services from a third party service provider, Afterpay must assess each
third-party service provider supporting retail payment-related functions at least annually and prior
to entering into, renewing, extending, or significantly amending any contract. These assessments
must evaluate the provider's data protection capabilities, system connection security, operational
risk management practices, change notification procedures, and performance monitoring
mechanisms, including breach reporting protocols.
Afterpay must maintain records of the scope, timing, and findings of these assessments.
Responsibilities between Afterpay and each third-party service provider must be clearly defined,
particularly regarding the ownership, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data and
information.
2.2 Afterpay TPSP Arrangements
TPSP arrangements may involve either external vendors or Afterpay affiliates that support
payment-related functions. All third-party arrangements must first undergo an assessment to
determine whether they meet the definition of a TPSP under the RPAA. If determined to be a TPSP,
the arrangement will then be subject to applicable RPAA requirements. For all TPSPs, adherence to
RPAA obligations must be maintained throughout the full lifecycle of the TPSP arrangement—from
initial assessment and onboarding through to ongoing monitoring, renewal, and termination.
This Policy describes Afterpay's standard requirements to manage the third party risks arising
from TPSP activities, both to external third party vendors and Afterpay intra-group arrangements
with Afterpay affiliates. Implementation of the standards laid out in this policy will ensure that
Afterpay has a robust framework to ensure the following:
● The Afterpay Board is responsible for overseeing the CCO and senior management in the
execution of their responsibilities related to all third-party arrangements, associated risks,
and activities. The Board also ensures that this Policy remains aligned with Afterpay's risk
appetite and strategic objectives.
● A risk management and internal control framework is embedded to enable effective
oversight of TPSP activities by the CCO, who also serves as the Designated Senior Officer,
along with other risk DRIs;
● That the impact of any TPSP arrangement on Afterpay's retail payment activities is fully
considered and understood; and that Afterpay retains the competence and ability to assess
the TPSPs performance;
● That all TPSP Arrangements are formalised in a TPSP Contract between Afterpay and the
TPSP, that sets out all respective roles, responsibilities, rights, and obligations and meets
the requirements set out in this Policy;
● That the TPSP has adequate risk management and internal control systems in place, and
that Afterpay incorporates the oversight of the TPSP's functions and activities into its own
risk management framework;

● That the TPSP has sufficient resources in place in terms of quality, quantity, and availability
to perform the contracted functions and activities;
● That the TPSP is compliant with relevant confidentiality and sensitive data provisions and
has adequate contingency arrangements in place;
● That Afterpay notify the relevant authorities, including the Bank of Canada (“BoCˮ) in a
timely manner and in line with regulatory notification requirements of any major operational
or security incidents involving the TPSP;
● That Afterpay has access to perform audit and/or assurance reviews of the TPSP and the
TPSP will be cooperative with this audit/assurance review; and
● That retail payment related services provided by a TPSP do not undermine the continuous
service to Afterpay end-users.
2.3 Risk-Based Approach
Afterpay adopts a risk-based approach to third-party risk management, ensuring that the depth
and frequency of oversight is proportional to the level of risk of each arrangement and whether a
third party vendor is a TPSP or not. All third-party services are assessed using relevant Afterpay
and Block TPRM risk assessment methodologies. This includes but is not limited to evaluating the
potential for operational risk, service disruption, reliance on subcontractors, the business
continuity and disaster recovery plan of the provider, and alignment with regulatory requirements
under the RPAA and other applicable regulatory requirements.
TPSP determination assessments are conducted using an assessment tool to identify third-party
arrangements that support Afterpay's retail payment activities and related operations. These
assessments inform the classification of arrangements and the level of due diligence, monitoring,
and contractual control required. Periodic reviews ensure reassessments remain current with the
evolving operational risk landscape.
2.4 TPRM Process
2.4.1 TPSP Determination Assessment
Not all Afterpay Third Party Vendors will be regarded as TPSPs that are subject to the RPAA
requirements. To identify TPSPs that provide retail payment related services to Afterpay, Afterpay
has developed a 'TPSP Determination Assessment Tool'. This tool is completed for any prospective
third party vendor or intra-group arrangement at the initial onboarding stage and periodically. The
Governance and Oversight Lead is responsible for initiating the TPSP Determination Assessment,
which must be completed by the Service Recipient to assess whether a third party vendor meets
the definition of a TPSP under this policy. The Service Recipient must complete the assessment
and submit it for review and approval when:
1. Entering into a Third Party Vendor or intra-group arrangement;
2. Scheduled annual review of a TPSP occurs;

3. Afterpay plans to make a substantive change to their use of a particular Third Party Vendor
or a TPSP; or
4. There is a change in service provision.
The output of any TPSP Determination Assessment, once completed, is sent to the Afterpay
Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee (“GRCˮ) and other relevant committees for review
and approval.
2.4.2 Due Diligence
Before engaging any Third Party Vendor, Afterpay conducts a comprehensive due diligence review
to assess the provider's capability, regulatory compliance framework, and risk controls. The due
diligence evaluates both qualitative and quantitative factors, including business reputation,
experience, regulatory compliance, cybersecurity frameworks, subcontracting practices, and
operational and data security risk frameworks.
Due diligence must be completed before contracting and must be refreshed periodically
throughout the lifecycle of the arrangement – including based on the factors outlined below –
particularly for TPSPs supporting Afterpay's retail payment activities. All due diligence findings are
documented and reviewed by the Compliance, Legal and Risk DRIs, and any issues are escalated
to the GRC Committee as appropriate. International third parties and TPSPs are subject to
enhanced due diligence that considers jurisdictional risks.
Service recipients must initiate a periodic review for all Service Arrangements in the following
circumstances:
● Periodic scheduled reviews, as described in the Ongoing Monitoring & Challenge section of
this Policy;
● Material changes (that cause noticeable change in operation) in the nature or extent of the
Service Arrangement with the TPSP;
● Where a material organisational change occurs at a TPSP or its subcontractors to Afterpay
which can include a change of ownership or financial position;
● Identification of deficiencies in the performance of the TPSP under the Service
Arrangement, including any significant breaches of contract or other substantive issues
that may affect Afterpay's ability to meet its regulatory or customer
obligations—particularly those that could impact Afterpay's compliance with the RPAA.
Note: Should such instances occur, they must be initially escalated to the Third Party Delivery
Manager, who is responsible for promptly notifying the Afterpay Governance and Oversight
Lead. The Governance and Oversight Lead will then determine and initiate the appropriate
escalation pathway, which may include further escalation to the CCO or the relevant Afterpay
governance committee(s), as required.
2.4.3 Risk Assessment
Afterpay recognizes that in order to effectively monitor, manage and mitigate Third Party risks, it
must implement a robust TPRM framework, from the point an activity is proposed to be performed

by a third party vendor or an Afterpay affiliate, and continues throughout the lifecycle of the
arrangement.
Particularly for all TPSPs, Afterpay must maintain an accurate view of risks associated with each
TPSP Arrangement, including appropriate due diligence on TPSPs at onboarding and periodic
reviews throughout the lifecycle of the relationship.
Afterpay will maintain a TPSP Register that captures key risk information about each TPSP,
including its risk profile, control framework, ongoing performance and inherent risks associated
with the services provided. This TPSP Register serves as a central mechanism for maintaining
oversight and informing Afterpay's risk-based decisions regarding TPSP arrangements. The TPSP
Register is maintained by the Afterpay Governance and Oversight Lead, who is responsible for
ensuring it remains accurate and up to date.
2.4.2 Sub-contracting
Afterpay recognizes that the use of subcontractors by TPSPs may introduce additional risk to
service availability, continuity and accountability. As part of the Afterpay third party management
process, all service providers will be required to disclose their material subcontracting
arrangements, and, subject to any contractual limitations, Afterpay will review any proposed
subcontractors that a TPSP intends to engage for the performance of services under the TPSP
arrangement and propose any changes as needed, and/or develop compensating controls to
address any potential, material risks associated with the subcontracting relationship.
The TPSP must maintain robust third-party risk management programs for its subcontractors,
aligned with Afterpay's regulatory obligations and standards. Contractual provisions will require
disclosure of new or changed material subcontracting relationships, ongoing reporting, and audit
rights for Afterpay. These provisions will ensure that subcontracting does not dilute Afterpay's
oversight or the effectiveness of controls in place to safeguard retail payment operations.
2.4.5 Contractual Requirements
Third Party Vendor arrangements must be governed by a formal written agreement. The contract
must clearly define the roles, responsibilities, rights, and obligations of both Afterpay and the third
party vendor, and must be in place prior to the commencement of any services. It is the
responsibility of the Owner, with support from Procurement, Legal, Compliance, and Risk, to
ensure that:
● A contract is fully executed in advance of service initiation;
● The contract is reviewed and approved by Afterpay Legal; and
● It is signed by an authorized signatory in accordance with the Block, Inc. Global Signature &
Delegation of Authority Policy.
The Owner is also responsible for:
● Monitoring the Third Party Vendor's adherence to contractual obligations;
● Scheduling and facilitating contract reviews; and
● Ensuring that renewals are conducted in a timely manner to avoid disruption of services.

Third Party Vendor Contracts must include, at a minimum:
● Scope of services and nature of the relationship;
● Performance expectations and Service Level Agreements (“SLAsˮ);
● Measures around conformance with policies and procedures and compliance with
applicable laws and regulations;
● Roles and responsibilities of both Afterpay and the Third Party Vendor;
● Data protection, privacy, and confidentiality provisions;
● Requirements for business continuity, disaster recovery, and incident response;
● Obligations to report material operational issues, breaches, or service deterioration
including frequency of reporting;
● Cyber and physical security obligations, including vulnerability management and access
control;
● Material subcontracting disclosure and approval requirements;
● Notification obligations regarding any material changes to services, technology, or risk
management processes;
● Rights for Afterpay to audit or test the services and require remediation, including
circumstances where third parties conducting audits on Afterpay require access, audit and
testing of the Third Party Vendor.
● Communications protocols for both day-to-day management and incident escalation;
● Ownership of intellectual property and assets;
● Dispute resolution mechanisms; and
● Termination provisions, including notice periods and data handover requirements.
Note: In its current form, and subject to any compliance holds, Afterpay does not perform the
payment function of "holding funds" as funds of end-users are settled to external linked bank
accounts. As a result, Afterpay's activities do not currently fall within the scope of safeguarding
requirements and therefore TPSPs arrangements are not subject to safeguarding requirements at
present. Should Afterpay perform the payment function of "holding funds" in the future, Afterpay
would conduct a detailed review of its compliance program to ensure adherence to relevant
requirements under the RPAA and other applicable regulatory requirements.
For all TPSP Arrangements, additional regulatory provisions are required to meet RPAA compliance
expectations. These include:
● TPSP's obligations to assist Afterpay in meeting its RPAA regulatory obligations;
● Clearly defined roles and allocation of responsibilities for data integrity, confidentiality, and
service availability;
● Specific obligations regarding subcontracting, notification of material changes, and TPSP
performance monitoring;
● Legal clauses that ensure compliance with Canadian data and privacy laws;
● Ongoing reporting obligations to Afterpay, including performance reporting and breach
notifications;
● Provisions enabling Afterpay to meet Bank of Canada supervisory and access
requirements;
● Contractual language within the SLAs to enable Afterpay to notify Bank of Canada 5 days
prior to significant changes; and.

● Contractual language ensuring Afterpay Third Party Delivery Managers are notified of
incidents immediately to enable reporting of identified material incidents to the Bank of
Canada no later than 48 hours after the incident is identified and deemed material.
Review and Update Requirements: Afterpay Legal must review and, where necessary, update
contracts in accordance with this Policy, including:
● During scheduled periodic reviews;
● In response to material changes to the service or risk profile; and
● When regulatory changes may impact contractual obligations.
All contracts must be stored and retained in a central repository and be accessible for regulatory
review if requested by supervisory authorities such as the BoC.
2.4.6 Technology and Cyber Risk Management
TPSPs that provide technology services or process sensitive data to Afterpay are expected to
adhere to cybersecurity and data protection standards defined by Block. These include, but are
not limited to, requirements for access controls, data segregation, encryption, vulnerability
management, and secure development practices. If applicable, cloud service providers which are
classified as TPSPs are expected to demonstrate portability of services and maintain robust
backup, failover, and incident response capabilities.
Technology-related risks are assessed during onboarding and as part of ongoing monitoring.
Contracts with technology service providers are expected to define responsibilities for
cybersecurity and resilience controls, in alignment with applicable Block security and risk
management standards. Cybersecurity posture is monitored through methods such as audits,
penetration tests, and independent certifications.
2.4.7 Monitoring and Oversight
Afterpay maintains a comprehensive and risk-based approach to monitoring all TPSP
arrangements to ensure that services are delivered in accordance with contractual obligations and
that risks remain within acceptable levels of established risk appetites throughout the life of the
relationship. Monitoring activities may include:
● Performance and service level SLA/KPI reviews;
● Issue and incident tracking;
● Periodic reassessments of compliance and operational risk; and
● Independent audit reports, certifications, or on-site assessments (as appropriate).
The Service Recipient/TPSP Owner/Third Party Delivery Manager is responsible for facilitating
day-to-day monitoring of the arrangement. Oversight and challenge are provided by the Second
Line of Defense (“2LODˮ), including Compliance, Risk, and Legal. Independent assurance may be
conducted by the Third Line of Defense (“3LODˮ)Internal Audit.

Where monitoring activities identify issues such as performance deficiencies, non-compliance, or
material risks, the Service Recipient, in consultation with Global TPRM, Third Party Delivery
Managers, Compliance, ERM, and Legal, must determine the appropriate response.
Actions may include:
● Developing and implementing a remediation plan with the TPSP;
● Escalating the issue to the GRC Committee or Board; and
● Triggering the termination clause if risks are deemed unmanageable.
In addition to scheduled reviews, the Owner must promptly inform the Compliance Governance
and Oversight Lead of any proposed or actual changes in the nature or scope of services provided
by a TPSP. The Owner must provide sufficient detail to allow the Compliance team to reassess the
arrangement and determine if further due diligence or regulatory notification is required.
Monitoring outcomes, including identified issues and risk trends, are reported to the CCO, the GRC
Committee, and escalated to senior management or the Board, as necessary.
2.4.8 Incident Management
Afterpay requires all TPSPs to maintain defined processes for identifying, managing, and reporting
incidents. These processes will include root cause analysis, corrective actions, and timely
communication protocols.
Contracts will require TPSPs to provide immediate notification (as defined in the service agreement
or incident management plan) to Afterpay of incidents that could impact the TPSP and Afterpay's
retail payments activities' service delivery, data integrity, or compliance with Afterpay's obligations
under the RPAA (including but not limited to incident reporting). Internal processes must ensure
prompt escalation, documentation, and remediation of third party related incidents.
For all TPSP Arrangements, Afterpay must be informed by the TPSP where incidents have
occurred. Where identified, incidents and breaches must be assessed by the 2LoD to determine
materiality. Afterpay has defined what constitutes a material event/breach in its Incident Response
Management Plan. Afterpay maintains an incident register that tracks all incidents (including TPSP
incidents), which contains information such as dates of when the incident occurred and specific
steps to resolve these incidents.
2.4.9 Reporting and Escalation to Management/Board
The Governance and Oversight Lead is responsible for ensuring that relevant management
information is provided to the CCO, as the designated Senior Officer under the RPAA, and, where
appropriate, to the relevant Afterpay governance bodies such as the GRC, Executive Leadership,
and the Board.
This information must enable the CCO and the governance bodies to assess and challenge the
management of Third Party Risk and make informed decisions regarding TPSP arrangements. The
Governance and Oversight Lead in collaboration with Third Party Delivery Managers and Service

Recipients, produces and escalates insights from ongoing monitoring of TPSP arrangements to
support the CCO's effective oversight and decision-making.
2.4.10 Regulatory Notification If required)
Afterpay is required to make available to the BoC all information necessary to enable the BoC to
execute the effective supervision of Afterpay, including where required, a copy of any relevant
portions of TPSP Agreement(s) entered into by Afterpay.
Afterpay is also required to notify the BoC of significant changes in its TPSP Arrangements, with
information as requested, and therefore all documentation referenced in this Policy must be stored
in such a manner that it is available on demand if requested.
Afterpay must report to the BoC should material events occur in relation to TPSP's Arrangements
that would give rise to a Significant Change or New Activity Report, Incident Report or any other
regulatory reporting required pursuant to the RPAA.
It is the responsibility of the Owner to identify these issues, and the CCO, in consultation with Legal
will determine whether a notification to the BoC is required.
2.4.11 Business Continuity and Exit Planning
All TPSP arrangements must be supported by business continuity and disaster recovery plans that
are tested at regular intervals. Plans must address severe and prolonged disruptions, including
scenarios involving multiple concurrent failures.
Exit plans must be documented and include both stressed and non-stressed scenarios. These
plans must cover notification requirements, data return and transfer, interim service continuity, and
cost considerations. Exit plans are reviewed regularly and tested as part of Afterpay's broader
operational resilience strategy.
2.4.12 Record Retention
Afterpay will retain TPSP related records that support its compliance with this Policy and applicable
obligations under the RPAA. These records include, but are not limited to, due diligence
documentation, criticality assessments, and risk assessment outputs. Records must be stored in a
manner that ensures prompt availability for review and retained in accordance with Afterpay's
record retention practices. Appropriate safeguards will be implemented to prevent unauthorized
deletion, destruction, or alteration of records, in line with RPAA requirements.
Afterpay will also ensure that TPSPs maintain accurate and up-to-date records related to the
services they provide. Measures will be in place to ensure these records are accessible to Afterpay
and, where applicable, to regulators—enabling Afterpay to meet its ongoing regulatory obligations
under the RPAA.

2.4.13 Intra-Group Arrangements
Outsourcing services provided by Block entities to Afterpay also fall in scope of this Policy
("Intra-Group Outsourcing"). The Block entity will be regarded as a TPSP for the purpose of this
Policy. Afterpay applies the same requirements to Intra-group Outsourcing as to arrangements with
external third parties. Afterpay recognises that intra-group Outsourcing Arrangements can present
unique risks. For Intra-group Outsourcing, Afterpay will ensure that the arrangement is organised
on an 'arm's length' basis and the arrangement does not impair Afterpay's ability to comply with its
regulatory obligations. Afterpay shall ensure that it is in a position to exert sufficient influence on
the Intra-group arrangements and that any necessary remediation of outsourced services,
processes, or activities that impacts on Afterpay are given appropriate prioritisation by Block.
The outsourcing Owner shall engage with Afterpay Compliance Governance and Oversight Lead
who will consult with relevant Afterpay stakeholders such as Compliance, Risk, Legal and the
Business in accordance with this Policy and the Afterpay TPRM procedure. All sections of this
Policy apply to all Intra-Group Outsourcing arrangements between Block and Afterpay that are
deemed a TPSP.
For all steps set out in this Policy, the Owner will be responsible for completing the Afterpay
Checklist for Intra-Group Outsourcing arrangements (amended for each provider, as appropriate).
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● Afterpay Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee GRC Committee: An internal
governance committee made up of senior management responsible for the oversight of
Afterpay's compliance with applicable laws and its key risks. The committee reviews and
approves all new TPSP arrangements, evaluates ongoing performance, and escalates
issues to the Afterpay Executive Leadership Team.
● Afterpay Compliance Governance and Oversight Lead Third-Party Risk Manager): 2nd
Line of Defence function responsible for supporting operational functions with compliance
risk assessments, due diligence, and governance.
● Bank of Canada: Responsible for administering and enforcing the RPAA, including
registering PSPs and supervising their compliance with the legislation.
● Board of Directors: Holds ultimate accountability for the oversight of third-party risk,
ensuring the Policy aligns with Afterpay's risk appetite and strategic objectives. The Board
delegates operational oversight to the Governance Risk and Compliance Committee GRC,
which reviews TPSP risks and approves the Third-Party Risk Management Policy.
● Chief Compliance Officer CCO The Afterpay Canada CCO serves as the Designated
Senior Officer, as defined under the RPAA, and is responsible for ensuring Afterpay
Canada's compliance with the RPAA and all other applicable regulatory requirements. The

CCO is the owner of this Policy and is accountable for ensuring its alignment with
applicable regulatory obligations.
● Directly Responsible Individual DRI - also referred to in this document as Owner and/or
Service Recipient): The owner of the Third Party arrangement, responsible for managing
day-to-day vendor performance with responsibility for the function for which the third
party is being engaged.
● Enterprise Risk Management ERM Responsible for ensuring the development and
implementation of the Risk Management Framework for Block and its subsidiaries including
Afterpay.
● Financial Operations FinOps Directly Responsible Individual DRI/Third Party Delivery
Manager: Responsible for managing third party risks and ensuring effective delivery of
services. It is the responsibility of the FinOps DRI to ensure that adequate risk-based
management information relating to TPSP Arrangements and the TPSP framework,
including the reporting of any TPSP control issues, breaches, or incidents, is provided to
the GRC Committee.
● Business Partnerships DRI/Third Party Delivery Manager: Responsible for managing
third party risks and ensuring effective delivery of services. It is the responsibility of the
Business Partnerships DRI to ensure that adequate risk-based management information
relating to TPSP Arrangements and the TPSP framework, including the reporting of any
TPSP control issues, breaches, or incidents, is provided to this GRC Committee.
● Merchant Partnerships DRI/Third Party Delivery Manager: Responsible for managing
third party risks and ensuring effective delivery of services. It is the responsibility of the
Merchant Partnerships DRI to ensure that adequate risk-based management information
relating to TPSP Arrangements and the TPSP framework, including the reporting of any
TPSP control issues, breaches, or incidents, is provided to this GRC Committee.
● Product Partnerships DRI/Third Party Delivery Manager: Responsible for managing third
party risks and ensuring effective delivery of services. It is the responsibility of the Product
Partnerships DRI to ensure that adequate risk-based management information relating to
TPSP Arrangements and the TPSP framework, including the reporting of any TPSP control
issues, breaches, or incidents, is provided to this GRC Committee.
● Internal Audit: 3rd Line of Defence function that provides independent assurance over the
effectiveness of the framework.
● Legal Counsel: Responsible for ensuring that all TPSP contracts, and the overall third-party
risk management program, comply with applicable regulatory requirements—including
obligations under the Retail Payment Activities Act RPAA
● Operations Committee: Responsible for 1st Line Of Defence operational risk and controls
updates, third party/vendor updates, consumer metrics and commercial outcomes,
consumer harm such as complaints and hardship data and so on.

3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards;
● Procedures;
● Audit/exam findings;
● Issues management;
● Training; and
● Complaints.
3.3 Training
All relevant personnel will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and
guidance to implement this Policy effectively. All training related activities are monitored by the
Compliance Team and are outlined in the Compliance Training Program.
Afterpay must ensure that all staff, senior management and the Board have sufficient knowledge
and understanding of Third party risks. The Compliance Governance and Oversight Lead
Third-Party Risk Manager), with oversight from the CCO, is responsible for the development and
delivery of a risk-based TPRM training program in Afterpay. At a minimum, Afterpay shall provide
tailored/specific training to the employees and departments based on their involvement in TPRM
processes, and will provide refresher training on an annual basis.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements Including but not limited to the RPAA requirement to
retain relevant records for at least five 5 years)
3.5 Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.

Exceptions to this document must be pre-approved by the Chief Compliance Officer or their
designee. Staff members may submit exception requests for review at go/policyhelp.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy owner.
Review related documents:
● Block Third Party Risk Management Policy
● Afterpay Canada Operational Risk Management Framework
● Afterpay Register of Third Parties
● Afterpay TPSP Periodic Review Checklist
● Afterpay Canada - Checklist for Third Party Engagements
● Afterpay CA TPSP Determination Assessment Tool.xlsx
● 2025 Code of Business Conduct & Ethics _ Block.pdf
● Afterpay Canada Incident Response Management Plan
● Ex. 3_Global Signature Authority Policy - Block - 2024 Recommendations 1.pdf
● Block Information Security Policy and Standards Library
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Rhoda Lalog Creation Jun 5, 2025
Safiya Adenekan Head of Initial Approval Jun 30, 2025
Canada
Compliance

Paulo Vargas, Scheduled Jun 30, 2025
Shannon Gilham, Review
Saleha Ali, Toni
Kuyinu
Afterpay Canada Board Approval New Document Aug 8, 2025
Limited Board
Document Details:
Business Afterpay Canada Limited
Scope Canada
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Head of Canada Compliance
Approved By Afterpay Canada Limited Board
Document Tier Tier 2