Anti-Money Laundering,
Countering the Financing
of Terrorism & Sanctions
Product Risk Assessment
Standard
Block
June 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Block, Inc.
and on a need-to-know basis.
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 6
3. Scope 6
4. Product Risk Assessment Process Overview 7
5. Global Methodology 7
5.1 Confirm Triggering Event 8
5.2 Determine Inherent Risk Rating 8
5.2.1 Identifying Inherent Risk Factors 9
5.3 Evaluating and Scoring Inherent Risk Factors 12
5.3 Align Risk-Proportionate Controls 14
5.3.1 Identify and Document Controls 14
6. Communicating Results 15
7. Document Management 16
7.1 Document Owner 16
7.2 Review and Approval 16
8. Monitoring and Reporting 16
9. Exceptions 16
10. Record Retention 16
11. Implementation Date and Transition Period 16
12. Related Documentation or References 17
13. Revision and Approval History 17
14. Document Details 18
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Inherent Risk Level of risk of business processes and activities without considering the
perceived mitigating effect of related controls
Control Activity An activity that mitigates (some of) the risks associated with conducting
business processes that could otherwise cause negative outcomes for
the company, employees, shareholders, and/or community it services
Control Mechanism designed to enable business to be conducted in an orderly
Environment and efficient manner and ensure adherence to prescribed practice;
Control The measure of how well a control is designed and/or operating to
Effectiveness achieve the control objectives and address the cause and/or
consequence of the risk.
Launch For the purposes of the Product Risk Assessment, launch refers to the
moment a Product or Feature is available for use by end users (inclusive
of customers and internal employees).
Product Risk A standardized set of evaluation points that is commissioned by the
Assessment (PRA) Global Policy and Governance (GPG) team, which are intended to
evaluate the inherent risk(s) associated with products and features. The
evaluation points and risk assessment is focused on money laundering,
terrorist financing, and sanctions risk only.1
PRA Tool A user-friendly worksheet designed by the CGR-RA Team for business
unit compliance to 1)determine if a triggering event has occurred,
requiring a PRA; and, 2)complete a PRA
Products and For the purposes of the PRA, Products and Features refers to the services
Features (Products) that product teams build and release to end users, inclusive of internal
customers.
Product Initiative The process of bringing a new product to the market, renewing an
existing product and introducing a product in a new market.
Residual Risk Level of risk inclusive of considering the perceived mitigating effect of
related controls.
1 Work is underway to expand the scope of PRAs to include all compliance risk types.
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibilities
Compliance ● Manages the Anti-Money Laundering / Countering the Financing
Governance and of Terrorisim & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
Reporting Risk ● Develops and maintains the methodology
Assessment Team ● Designs and manages tools and reporting
(CGR-RA) ● Provides oversight and guidance for the PRA process
Business Unit ● Responsible for maintaining and owning the PRAs related to the
Compliance (i.e. products and features managed by their respective business units
Product ● Responsible for designating an Assigned Person (as needed) to
Compliance execute PRAs
Management ● Facilitates collecting any information that must be acquired from
(PCM), Global the product or business teams (such as information about product
Regulatory controls)
Oversight, Assigned ● Reviews and confirms accuracy of PRA Tool responses
Persons) ● Responsible for ensuring all PRAs and associated control
documentation are stored in the PRA Tracker at go/RA
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Product Risk Assessment Standard (“Standard”) outlines Block’s approach to conduct
Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (“CFT”) & Sanctions
Product Risk Assessment(s) (“PRA”) and ensure a consistent and standardized approach across all
business lines and markets in which we operate. The Compliance Governance and Reporting Risk
Assessment Lead is responsible for management of this Standard.
PRAs are used to:
● Self-identify products and features that may pose potential AML/CFT & Sanctions risks;
● Measure, document, and prioritize risk;
● Evaluate and develop sound controls;
● Assess current control environment relevant to the product or feature launch; and
● Identify opportunities to strengthen the control environment as appropriate.
The PRA is an AML/CFT & Sanctions assessment that measures the product-specific inherent risks to
inform and align control activities prior to the launch of new Products and Features. This process
requires the use of a worksheet (“PRA Tool”) to standardize the approach and drive consistency in the
evaluation of risks.
2. Purpose
This Standard outlines Block’s requirements and process for managing risks associated with its
products and services, ensuring compliance with AML/CFT sanctions regulations, and other related
laws and standards. This Standard further aims to protect Block’s business integrity, maintain
customer trust, and minimize financial and reputational risks.
3. Scope
This PRA process is applicable to all products & services within Block’s businesses, including but not
limited to Square, Cash App, Afterpay and TIDAL business units. PRAs are conducted by each Block
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
business unit on all Products and Features whose characteristics and functionality may present the
risk of money laundering, terrorist financing, or sanctions violations.
The PRA is used to ensure that Compliance and Business stakeholders are aware of the AML/CFT
and Sanctions inherent risks prior to launch of the product with adequate time to consider whether
to enhance existing or implement new controls.
Note: Following a determination that a PRA is required, it is a standing condition for go-live of a new
product that controls are identified and documented for all identified areas of increased risk
identified by the PRA Tool. See section 5.3 Align Risk-Proportionate Controls for more information.
4. Product Risk Assessment Process Overview
The PRA is a Block enforced requirement that is completed prior to product launch. Business Unit
Compliance is responsible for completing the PRA in addition to coordinating any requirements
from relevant stakeholders. The PRA must be completed in accordance with the following steps:
1. Qualify need for PRA using the ‘Triggering Event Evaluation’ within the PRA Tool;
2. Determine Inherent Risk rating by completing the assessment in the PRA Tool;
3. Align risk proportionate controls to all areas of increased risk identified by the PRA Tool;
and
4. Communicate results to relevant stakeholders.
Further explanation of each step is found below in the Global Methodology section.
5. Global Methodology
The PRA should be conducted in accordance with the requirements set forth above and the
methodology described below.
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.1 Confirm Triggering Event
When launching new products, materially enhancing existing products, registering new entities, or
following a merger & acquisition, Block's exposure to money laundering, terrorist financing and
sanctions risk may be impacted. Certain activities require a PRA. These activities are referred to as a
Triggering Event. PRAs are required to be completed whenever there is an applicable Triggering
Event, in alignment with the relevant program and tools managed by the CGR-RA Team. Examples
of Triggering Events for which a PRA must be completed include but are not limited to:
● Introduction of a new product or feature that is:
○ Not currently offered by the business unit;
○ Being launched for the first time; or
○ Introduced to Block through mergers or acquisitions.
● Material changes to an existing product or feature including but not limited to:
○ The introduction of new payment methods, transaction types, or payment options
such as credit facilities, investment options, e-wallets, or crypto/virtual currencies;
○ The addition of new delivery channels, such as mobile app integrations, online
marketplaces, or blockchain integrations;
○ Changes to product jurisdiction, including expansion into new regions, new
geographic markets, or changes from domestic-only to cross-border functionality;
○ Introduction of product to new customer types, including: corporate customer
segment, non-profit organizations, government segments, or other changes to
initial product targets;
○ An increase of transaction limits or thresholds;
○ Change of a product from unregulated to regulated; and
5.2 Determine Inherent Risk Rating
The PRA Tool serves as a structured mechanism for identifying and assessing the inherent risks
posed by various product characteristics, functionalities, and usage scenarios. It encompasses a set
of risk factors or attributes that are relevant to the product or service being evaluated. These risk
factors include elements such as the product's accessibility, geographical reach, customer base,
transaction types, funding sources, anonymity features, and potential for misuse or exploitation by
bad actors.
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.2.1 Identifying Inherent Risk Factors
By examining each risk factor and its associated implications, the PRA Tool facilitates a thorough
understanding of the risks inherent to the product, prior to considering any mitigating controls or
measures. The following factors are considered for the identification of risk with accompanying
rationale2 for their inclusion.
Risk Factor Rationale
Identify what countries or The countries or jurisdictions in which a product is offered or
jurisdictions this product available can present money-laundering, terrorist financing, and/or
will be offered/available in sanctions risks. Some jurisdictions may have weaker AML/CFT
and/or Sanctions regulations or enforcement, making it easier for
illicit actors to exploit regulatory gaps or inconsistencies.
Additionally, certain high-risk jurisdictions may be subject to
international sanctions or identified as havens for illegal activities,
increasing the risk of facilitating prohibited transactions or the
movement of illicit funds. Offering a product in multiple
jurisdictions can also complicate compliance efforts due to varying
regulatory requirements and the need for enhanced due diligence
and monitoring measures.
This product can be This factor indicates that the product has the ability to function
operated/used outside of beyond the boundaries of the jurisdiction it originated in, adding
the jurisdiction it was risk as different jurisdictions may have varying regulations,
provisioned in enforcement mechanisms, and reporting requirements, making it
easier for illicit actors to exploit regulatory gaps or inconsistencies.
This product allows for a Third-party involvement can introduce additional layers of risk and
3rd party (individual or complexity in ensuring compliance with regulations, through
entity that is not the obscuring the true beneficial ownership or control of funds or
customer) to give facilitating the movement of illicit proceeds or circumventing
instructions, transact, or financial restrictions.
use the product
The ownership of this The potential for customers to transfer ownership of the product
product can be transferred and the implications this may have on privacy and anonymity
by the Customer concerns. Transferring ownership could impact how the product is
attributed to a specific customer and may introduce anonymity
risks if ownership transfer occurs without proper verification and
due diligence, obfuscating the true beneficial ownership of the
product or facilitating the movement of illicit proceeds or
circumventing financial restrictions.
2 Please refer to the PRA Tool for product and use examples for each Risk Factor.
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
This product (transactions) Involvement of multiple parties across different jurisdictions can
involves multiple parties introduce complexities and regulatory challenges, which presents
and/or multiple risk due to the increased difficulty in tracing the source and
jurisdictions destination of funds, as well as the potential for jurisdictional
arbitrage or exploitation of regulatory loopholes. International
funding sources and payments raise potential money laundering
and regulatory concerns, as they can be used to obscure the true
source of funds, facilitate the movement of illicit proceeds across
borders, or circumvent sanctions or other financial restrictions.
This product allows Payments or fundings from third parties that are not part of the
payments or fundings from relationship increases the risk of illicit activities, as these third
3rd parties that are not parties may not be vetted or monitored to the same extent as
part of the customer’s customers with an established relationship. Furthermore, this
account (relationship) arrangement may also create opportunities for money laundering
schemes, such as layering and integration, to be carried out
through the transfer of funds between entities.
This product allows for Overpayments and refunds can be used to disguise the source of
overpayments with the funds or facilitate the movement of illicit proceeds. Overpayments
possibility of a refund back and refunds can create a lack of transparency in transaction history.
to the Customer
This product allows for Untethered refunds can be misused to evade regulatory scrutiny or
untethered (not tied to a disguise the origins of funds, and can be used to introduce illicit
transaction) refunds to be proceeds into the financial system or facilitate the movement of
issued (including those by funds without a legitimate source or purpose.
the Customer to 3rd
parties)
This product allows for the Direct deposit or funding from third-party virtual currency
direct deposit or funding accounts may involve heightened risks related to anonymity and
from 3rd party virtual regulatory compliance, presenting risk as virtual currencies can be
currency accounts used to obscure the source of funds, facilitate cross-border
(including unhosted transfers, and circumvent financial controls or reporting
wallets) requirements.
This product allows for Indirect cash deposits may be used to conceal the source or nature
indirect cash (physical) of funds, posing money laundering risks, as cash transactions are
deposits, i.e. transfers from more difficult to trace and can be used to introduce illicit proceeds
Western Union, into the financial system or facilitate the movement of funds
MoneyGram, UA Exchange, without a legitimate source or purpose.
Cash Services Transport
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
This product can be funded Use of non-domestic funding sources and payment instruments
(or payments received) by may complicate regulatory compliance efforts, presenting a risk as
the use of non-domestic it can be more challenging to verify the legitimacy of foreign
(international) funding funding sources, monitor cross-border transactions for suspicious
sources or payment activities, or comply with applicable regulations in multiple
instruments (i.e. foreign jurisdictions.
issued cards, foreign bank
accounts)
This product involves the Use of physical currency can increase the risk of cash-intensive
use of (or supports the use money laundering activities, as cash transactions are more difficult
of) physical currency to trace and can be used to obscure the source of funds or facilitate
the movement of illicit proceeds.
This product facilitates or Facilitation of high-value transactions may indicate a higher risk of
encourages high-value financial crime, as large sums of money can be more attractive
transactions (greater than targets for money laundering, terrorist financing, or other illicit
$10,000) activities. High-value transactions can be used to move significant
amounts of illicit proceeds into the financial system, potentially
circumventing reporting requirements or taking advantage of
higher thresholds for scrutiny. Additionally, large transactions can
be more appealing for terrorist financing activities, as they can
facilitate the transfer of substantial funds to support illegal
operations.
This product supports high High transaction velocity may suggest potential attempts to
velocity of transactions circumvent transaction monitoring requirements, which presents a
money-laundering risk as it can be used to break down large sums
of money into smaller transactions to avoid detection or reporting
thresholds.
This product can be Provisioning a product to a customer without human-to-human
provisioned to a Customer interactions may raise concerns about identity verification and due
without human-to-human diligence, which presents a money-laundering, terrorist financing,
interactions (i.e. offered and/or sanctions risk because it can increase the potential for
online) identity fraud or impersonation, allowing illicit actors to access
financial products or services without proper scrutiny.
This product allows for Anonymity of end-users can be exploited for illicit purposes, such as
anonymity of the end-user money laundering or terrorist financing, as it can obscure the true
/ Customer identities and beneficial ownership of funds, facilitating the
movement of illicit proceeds or the financing of illegal activities.
This product leverages Leveraging introducers or intermediaries can amplify risks of
introducers or financial crime and money laundering, as it introduces additional
intermediaries (3rd parties) layers of complexity and potential obfuscation of the true beneficial
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
ownership or source of funds, which can facilitate the movement of
illicit proceeds or circumvention of financial restrictions.
This product allows for the The cross-border movement of funds raises potential risks related
transference or exchange to money laundering, sanctions evasion, and regulatory
of funds across compliance. International fund transfers can be used to obscure
international borders. the true source or destination of funds, facilitate the movement of
illicit proceeds across jurisdictions, or circumvent financial
restrictions or reporting requirements imposed by different
countries. Additionally, varying AML and CFT regulations across
borders can create vulnerabilities if funds are transferred to or from
jurisdictions with weaker controls or oversight.
This product allows for the Conversion of funds and the use of gift cards can be exploited for
conversion of funds from money laundering or illicit financial activities, as they can be used
one form or currency to to disguise the source of funds, facilitate the movement of illicit
another (this also includes proceeds, or evade financial reporting requirements, presenting a
the purchasing or money-laundering risk.
refunding of gift cards)
5.3 Evaluating and Scoring Inherent Risk Factors
The PRA Tool provides a structured approach to assessing the inherent risks associated with any
given product or service by evaluating each risk factor based on its applicability and potential
impact. The assessment involves categorizing each risk factor as "Expected," "Possible," or "Not
Operationally Possible," with each response carrying specific implications and considerations.
Inherent Risk Response
Response Definition
Expected The "Expected" response should be selected for risk factors
that are core design elements, inherent features, or
fundamental capabilities of the product itself. These are risk
factors that are directly aligned with the product's intended
functionality, purpose, and anticipated use cases.
Essentially, if a risk factor represents a key attribute,
functionality, or characteristic that is deliberately built into the
product and is an essential part of its operation or value
proposition, it should be categorized as "Expected." These are
not ancillary or peripheral risks but rather risks that are
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
inherently present and expected to be facilitated by the
nature of the product itself.
Possible The "Possible" response is more appropriate for risk factors that
could potentially be facilitated by the product, but they are not
fundamental or prevalent aspects of its operation. These are risk
factors that may arise under certain circumstances or specific
usage scenarios, but they are not inherently expected or
encouraged by the product's core design or functionality.
Not Operationally Possible The "Not Operationally Possible" response should be selected
for risk factors that are fundamentally incompatible with the
product's design, architecture, or intended functionality. These
are risk factors that cannot be facilitated or realized due to
inherent limitations or characteristics of the product itself,
rather than the presence or absence of controls.
The key distinction for this category is that the risk factor is
fundamentally precluded or cannot be realized due to the
product's inherent design, architecture, or intended
functionality, rather than the presence or absence of specific
controls or operational constraints.
When evaluating inherent risk factors using the PRA Tool a comprehensive scoring methodology is
employed. Each of the 19 inherent risk factors are rated on a scale of "Expected," "Possible," or "Not
Operationally Possible," with corresponding numerical values assigned to facilitate quantitative
analysis.
The "Expected" rating carries the highest score of 5, indicating that the risk factor is a core element,
inherent feature, or fundamental capability of the product itself, directly aligned with its intended
functionality, purpose, and anticipated use cases.
The "Possible" rating is assigned a medium score of 3, reflecting risk factors that, while not
fundamental to the product's core design or purpose, could potentially arise or be facilitated by the
product's capabilities or usage scenarios.
The "Not Operationally Possible" rating receives the lowest score of 1, representing risk factors that
are fundamentally incompatible with the product's design, architecture, or intended functionality,
and cannot be realized due to inherent limitations or characteristics of the product itself.
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
To determine the overall inherent risk level, the scores for each of the 19 risk factors are summed,
resulting in a total score ranging from 19 (if all risk factors are rated "Not Operationally Possible") to 95
(if all risk factors are rated "Expected").
This total score is then mapped onto a 5-band3 matrix with predefined thresholds:
Risk Thresholds (19 Factors/Questions)
19 to < 34.2 Low
34.2 to < 49.4 Medium Low
49.4 to < 64.6 Medium
64.6 to < 79.8 Medium High
79.8 to < 96 High
96+ Prohibited4
By categorizing each risk factor based on its applicability and summing the scores, the overall
inherent risk level can be determined and mapped to the corresponding band on the matrix. This
quantitative approach provides a structured and consistent method for evaluating and
communicating the inherent risk associated with the product, facilitating informed decision-making
and risk management strategies.
5.3 Align Risk-Proportionate Controls
After documenting the inherent risks responses with all 19 factors considered and the rationale
behind the inherent risk rating, at a minimum, controls objectives need to be documented to
evidence how they mitigate or prevent those factors rated High (Expected) and to evidence how
they monitor those factors rated Medium (Possible).
5.3.1 Identify and Document Controls
The focus of this stage is to ensure the application of necessary controls to mitigate the risks
exposure for the product in scope. This stage is crucial as it lays the foundation for effective risk
3 The five risk bands are created by dividing the total score range (76) into five equal parts (15.2 each), and then adding these
increments to the minimum score (19) to determine the thresholds for each band. This approach ensures that the risk levels
are evenly distributed across the total possible score range, with each band representing a 20% portion of the range.
4 The threshold for Prohibited can only be met if a Comprehensive Sanctioned Country is chosen as a location of product
offering or availability
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
management and control implementation before the product becomes operational. Block
accomplishes this by leveraging the output from the PRA Tool to identify and document the controls
that will be implemented to mitigate the inherent risks identified.
Control considerations derived from regulatory guidance5 have been incorporated into the PRA Tool
to serve as both decision support and to assist in the evaluation of the requisite Control(s) required
prior to go-live. Once identified these controls should be specific, measurable, and aligned with
industry best practices and regulatory requirements. As such, the following information must be
included in the Business Unit control library as a part of their post-launch process:
a. Control Description;
b. Control type (preventive, detective, or mitigative);
c. Control automation (manual or automated);
d. Control frequency (real-time, periodic, or ad-hoc);
e. Control ownership and accountability; and
f. Control monitoring and reporting mechanisms.
6. Communicating Results
Upon completing the PRA, Business Unit Compliance will communicate both the inherent risks as
well as the recommendation of controls from the PRA through the uploading of the results to the
PRA Tracker File.
At any given time, there will only be one version (per product) of a Product Risk Assessment that will
be considered the source of truth for each combination of product and market. It should also be
noted that one or more draft versions of a given PRA may be in circulation for review until approval.
All draft versions are not considered formally approved and therefore not subject to storage and
archive requirements. All PRAs should be stored within the PRA Tracker File.6
5 Regulatory guidance and considerations obtained from sources including the FFIEC Exam Manual and Office of
Foreign Assets Control Regulations, and the European Banking Authority.
6 Please refer to go/RA for PRA Tracker File link and access
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
7. Document Management
7.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Compliance Governance and Reporting Risk Assessment Lead or
their designee.
7.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
8. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Document Owner and/or their designee will monitor Program related
activities to evaluate adherence to the Program and determine whether outputs adhere to
established objectives.
9. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Program. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy
Governance Team at go/policyhelp and will be retained in accordance with Block’s record retention
requirements. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and any
applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
10. Record Retention
Block will maintain records of this Program in accordance with Block’s document retention
guidelines.
11. Implementation Date and Transition Period
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Block and all applicable subsidiaries are expected to be in full compliance with requirements of this
document upon approval date of this document. Any Business Units or entities in scope that are
unable to meet the date are expected to log an issue in accordance with the Issue Management
Program.
12. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorist Financing Policy | Bl…
Related Program Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing & Sanctions…
13. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Reviewer Team Stakeholder Status Date
Represented
Jason Liberman Cash Product Reviewed/Feedback Provided Jun 28, 2024
Compliance
Tim Spencer Square Product Reviewed/Feedback Provided Jun 28, 2024
Compliance
Estefania Scherer Global Sanctions Reviewed/Feedback Provided Jun 28, 2024
Document History
Name Title Approval Type Description Date
Joseph DiLella Risk Assessment Creation N/A Jun 20, 2024
Lead
Sherry Stevens Head of Initial Appro… N/A Jun 28, 2024
Compliance
Governance &
Reporting
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
17

Confidential and Not for Distribution
14. Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Joseph DiLella - Risk Assessment Lead
Last Approval Date Jun 28, 2024
Effective Date Jul 1, 2024
Approved By Sherry Stevens
Document Review Schedule Annually
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism & Sanctions Product Risk Assessment Standard
| Block
18