How to use this guide:
Electronic Money Directive
EMD Individual Regime
Policy
Square | Squareup Europe Limited
April 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 4
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 8
4. Identifying EMD Individuals & Seeking FCA Approval 8
4.1 Assessment and FCA Approval Process 8
4.2 Identification of EMD Individuals 8
4.3 FCA Assessment of Fitness and Propriety 9
4.4 SEL Assessment of Fitness and Propriety 10
4.5 Board Approval & FCA Application 11
4.6 Temporary & Acting Roles 11
5. Ongoing Responsibilities 11
5.1 Ongoing Due Diligence 11
5.2 Annual Board Confirmation 12
5.3 Changes to Roles 12
6. Document Management 13
6.1 Document Owner 13
6.2 Review and Approval 13
7. Exceptions 13
8. Record Retention 14
9. Related Documentation or References 14
10. Revision and Approval History 14
11. Document Details 14
Appendix 1 The F&P Standards 16
Appendix 2 Suitability Assessment 18
Scoring table 18
Schedule 1 20
Checklist (reflecting FCA ‘Our Approachʼ document; EBA Guideline 16 20
Schedule 2 23
Candidate Profile Template) 23
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Electronic Money An EMD individual, refers to a person responsible for the management of an
Directive (“EMDˮ) Electronic Money Institution EMI. This includes members of the
Individual management board, Head of Compliance or Money Laundering Reporting
Officer (“MLROˮ), and other individuals overseeing the firm's regulated or
registered activities. These individuals must be registered with the Financial
Conduct Authority (“FCAˮ) to ensure they are of good repute and possess
appropriate knowledge and experience.
Designated A DRI is the individual responsible for ensuring the completion of an
Responsible assigned process or task and is accountable for its execution.
Individual (“DRIˮ)
Good repute An EMD individual must be of a good repute, which involves:
● Clean criminal record: No serious criminal offences related to
property crimes or financial activities; and
● Financial Integrity: Not previously declared bankrupt.
Good repute also includes the absence of offences related to dishonesty,
fraud, financial crime or violations of regulations.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
SEL Board of Ultimately responsible for the Companyʼs compliance with the FCAʼs EMD
Directors (“Boardˮ) Individual Regime ("EMDR"). However, from an operational perspective,
responsibility for the day-to-day implementation of the Policy is delegated to
certain persons in the appropriate functions.
Human Resources In relation to prospective EMD Individuals:
● In consultation with Compliance and Legal, identifying persons
performing an EMD individual.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Bringing the Fitness and Propriety F&P Standards to the attention of
prospective EMD Individuals, and obtaining signed written agreement
from the prospective EMD Individual in relation to their ongoing
compliance with the F&P Standards.
● Documenting the due diligence carried out on EMD individuals to ensure
adherence to the F&P Standards.
● Preparing a Statement of Suitability for presentation to the SEL Board (in
connection with the Boardʼs approval of the appointment).
● In consultation with Employment Counsel, ensuring that there is a letter
of appointment in place with each EMD individual which sets out the
terms of their appointment and the time they commit to the role they
assume.
In relation to ongoing checks:
● Obtain signed written agreement from EMD Individuals, on an annual
basis, in relation to their ongoing compliance with the F&P Standards.
● Conduct ongoing due diligence, including refreshing checks and
searches where deemed appropriate and prudent on an ad hoc basis,
for each EMD Individual.
Other:
● Making relevant records available to the FCA upon request.
● Maintaining a register of all EMD Individuals.
● Maintaining a record of persons performing an EMD role in SEL.
SEL Head of ● Arranging preparation of the EMD Individual Application Form.
Compliance ● Making the relevant filings on the FCAʼs online system, Connect.
● Notifying HRBP, and (where appropriate) Board, of material changes in
the EMDR relating to EMD Individual approval processes.
● Provide confirmations at SELʼs Q4 Board meeting that:
○ the F&P Standards have been brought to the attention of all EMD
Individuals
○ SEL is satisfied on reasonable grounds that all EMD Individuals are
compliant with the F&P Standards.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
○ Where deemed appropriate and prudent, due diligence has been
undertaken to evidence compliance of each EMD Individual with the
F&P Standards, and that any concerns regarding the fitness and
propriety of each person will be (or have been) be investigated and
appropriate action will be (or have been) taken.
Regulatory Counsel ● Providing legal advice and relevant support as required from
time-to-time.
EMD Individuals ● Playing an important role in ensuring that SEL operates in a compliant
fashion.
● Performing their roles to the standard required and in compliance with
the relevant regulatory requirements.
● Completing documentation relating to their fitness and propriety
truthfully and honestly, confirming that they are aware of the FCAʼs F&P
Standard.
● Notifying the HRBP of any changes to their circumstances which might
be material to their fitness and propriety.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
Squareup Europe Limited (“SELˮ or referred to as “the Companyˮ) is authorised by the Financial Conduct
Authority (“FCAˮ) as an Electronic Money Institution (“EMIˮ) pursuant to the Electronic Money Regulations
2011 ( “EMoney Regulationsˮ).
A condition of EMI authorisation is that SEL maintains compliance with the FCAʼs Electronic Money
Directive Individual Regime (“EMDRˮ, or referred to as “the Regimeˮ) and that the FCA is satisfied (on an
ongoing basis) that directors and persons responsible for the management of the Companyʼs e-money and
payment services business (referred to by the FCA as "EMD Individuals") are of "good repute and possess
appropriate knowledge and experience to issue electronic money and provide payment services"
Regulation 66b of the EMoney Regulations).
The EMDR aims to encourage a culture of staff at all levels taking personal responsibility for their actions,
ensuring that firms and staff can clearly understand and demonstrate where responsibility lies. The fitness
and propriety requirements imposed on firms under the EMDR are designed to ensure that persons in
senior positions within firms are competent and capable, honest, ethical and of integrity.
As an EMI, SEL has an obligation to notify the FCA of any "significant change" in circumstances relevant to
the EMI's conditions for authorisation Regulation 37 of the of the EMoney Regulations), and one of the
conditions of an EMI's authorisation relates to the reputation, knowledge, and experience of EMD
Individuals. Any change to EMD Individuals (including the removal and appointment of directors) should
therefore be notified to the FCA.
2. Purpose
This Policy sets out how SEL maintains compliance with its obligations under the EMDR relating to the
fitness and propriety of specified individuals. This Policy also provides an explanation of the Regime and
the relevant requirements that SEL must adhere to, in order to ensure the EMD individuals are competent
and capable, honest, ethical, and of integrity.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
3. Scope
This Policy is applicable to persons who are regarded as EMD Individuals for SEL. This Policy aims to
ensure that SELʼs EMD Individuals comply with applicable fitness and propriety requirements.
4. Identifying EMD Individuals & Seeking FCA Approval
4.1 Assessment and FCA Approval Process
The following table lists the DRI roles within Block, Inc. responsible for the process steps related to
assessing EMD individuals and corresponding with the FCA for the EMD approvals.
Step Further Information DRI
Step 1. Identifying if the role is an EMD individual Section 4.2 HRBP (in consultation if
and following standard HR processes. required - SEL Head of
Compliance and Regulatory
Counsel)
Step 2. Interview & Identify preferred candidate Talent Partner
Step 3. Make offer to preferred candidate Talent Partner
Step 4. Due diligence Section 4.4 HR Compliance
Step 5. Board approval of proposed appointment Section 4.5 HR
Appendix 2 SEL Head of Compliance
Step 6. FCA Application Section 4.5 SEL Head of Compliance
Step 7. FCA Approval / lapse of 28 days post Section 4.5 SEL Head of Compliance
submission Section 5 HR
4.2 Identification of EMD Individuals
As specified in the FCAʼs Our Approach document, SEL is required to:
● Identify the persons (or roles) with responsibility for the management and delivery of the
payment service or e-money activities of the Company: these persons will be EMD
Individuals for the purposes of the EMDR; and
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Together with the (prospective) EMD Individual, provide the FCA with full and complete
information about the EMD Individual in order for the FCA to assess the reputation,
knowledge and experience of these individuals and approve them accordingly.
The following roles are regarded as EMD Individuals for SEL
● Directors;
● Person responsible for the management and delivery of the payment services or e-money
activities (e.g., Head of Payments Partnerships and Industry Relations);
● Persons responsible for the internal control functions (e.g.,SEL Head of Compliance); and
● Persons in charge of ensuring compliance with anti-money laundering and
counter-terrorism obligations(e.g., MLRO.
4.3 FCA Assessment of Fitness and Propriety
The FCA will assess fitness and propriety based on the information provided in the EMD Individual
application form and other information available to the FCA from the FCAʼs own and external sources. In
assessing whether the proposed EMD Individual is fit and proper to act, the FCA will assess the
individual's:
1. honesty, integrity and reputation; and
2. competence and capability (i.e. their relevant knowledge, training and experience).
The FCA has published (in its Our Approach document) example factors which it will consider conducting
its assessment - see Appendix 1 (“F&P Standardsˮ).
The FCA will not automatically dismiss an application where a prospective EMD Individual discloses one or
more perceived 'negative' factors (such as previous civil proceedings or insolvency of a business) but will
review the application on a case by case basis. The FCA highlights that they attach considerable
importance to the completeness and accuracy of the EMD Individual form and that if the Company or
prospective EMD Individual is in any doubt as to whether or not any information is relevant, it should be
included in the form. The FCA can view a failure to disclose an issue much more seriously than the issue
itself: if in doubt, disclose!
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.4 SEL Assessment of Fitness and Propriety
SEL should undertake appropriate due diligence to satisfy itself on reasonable grounds that a prospective
EMD individual complies with the F&P Standards.
To satisfy the reasonable grounds test, SEL should undertake the following due diligence, prior to
appointment. SEL should assess and document whether any exceptional matter is material to the relevant
function based on the evidence received (e.g. underlying documentation which the person should be
required to furnish such as reports/decisions). If the exceptional matter is considered material, SEL should
make all reasonable enquiries arising because of the information provided by the person, such as, where
relevant, contacting third parties for further information(e.g.,former employers, regulatory authorities,
etc.).
SEL is not required to remove or suspend a person from acting as an EMD individual solely on the basis
that one or more of the circumstances listed in F&P Standards may have occurred.
(i) ‘good reputeʼ (honesty, integrity and reputation): Much of an assessment of an individualʼs character,
in terms of their propriety, can only be undertaken in the case of exceptions, i.e., it is only when evidence
is available to suggest that a person might not comply with the standard of propriety required of them that
SEL must investigate thoroughly. The due diligence to be employed to determine a personʼs propriety to
perform an EMD individual role should include the following measures:
(a) Written confirmation of compliance with F&P Standards & completion of EMD Individual Application
Form DRI HRBP / Compliance)
(b) Due diligence checks DRI SEL Human Resource Business Partner (“HRBPˮ))
(ii) competence and capability (i.e. their relevant knowledge, training and experience): SEL should be
well placed to determine the particular demands of an EMD Individual, i.e. what qualifications, experience,
knowledge and other relevant factors for the performance of that function or role. The level of due
diligence expected to be undertaken will vary depending on the role.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.5 Board Approval & FCA Application
The HRBP, in consultation with the SEL Head of Compliance, shall arrange for a Statement of Suitability
(template included in Appendix 2) to be prepared and shared with the Board. The Statement of Suitability
requires SEL to assess the prospective EMD Individual against the following key requirements:
● Knowledge, Skills & Experience;
● Reputation, Honesty & Integrity;
● Time Availability; and
● Independence of Mind.
Following the approval of the proposed appointment by SEL Board, SEL Head of Compliance shall arrange
for the EMD Individual Application Form to be submitted to the FCA.
A candidate's letter of offer should make clear that their appointment to the relevant EMD Individual role
will not commence until the earliest of (i) the FCA providing its approval; or (ii) 28 days having passed from
the date of submission of the appointment of the EMD Individual form, provided the FCA has not raised
any objections.
4.6 Temporary & Acting Roles
A prospective EMD Individual should not be appointed to an EMD Individual role in an acting capacity,
having not provided the FCA with 28 days or having not been approved by the FCA. However, a candidate
may be permitted to take on 'lesser duties' (not amounting to making decisions) during the interim period.
Circumstances may arise where an individual is proposed to fill an EMD Individual role on a temporary
basis pending the appointment of a permanent replacement. In such cases, the FCA should be notified in
advance. Note that the FCA may limit the term of such appointments.
5. Ongoing Responsibilities
5.1 Ongoing Due Diligence
SEL must conduct due diligence on persons in EMD roles on an on-going basis and cannot permit a
person to allow a person to continue in an EMD Individual role, unless it is satisfied that the person meets
the F&P Standards as set out in Appendix 1. SEL HRBP shall on an annual basis:
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Obtain signed written agreement from the EMD Individual in relation to their ongoing
compliance with the F&P Standards and confirming whether or not any of the circumstances
set out in the F&P Standards apply to them, and require such individuals to notify SEL if there
are changes in their circumstances which may impact ongoing compliance with the F&P
Standards; and
● Conduct ongoing due diligence, including refreshing checks and searches where deemed
appropriate and prudent on an ad hoc basis, for each EMD Individual.
5.2 Annual Board Confirmation
SEL Head of Compliance will provide to the Board a summary of the steps taken by them as part of the
ongoing review, at the Q4 Board meeting, which will be recorded in the minutes of the meeting:
● That the F&P Standards have been brought to the attention of all EMD Individuals and confirm
that SEL is satisfied on reasonable grounds that all EMD Individuals persons performing EMD
roles are compliant with the F&PStandards.
● Where deemed appropriate and prudent, that due diligence has been undertaken to evidence
compliance of each EMD Individual with the F&P Standards; and
● That concerns regarding the fitness and propriety of each EMD Individual will be (or have
been) be investigated and appropriate action will be (or have been) taken and any relevant
notifications made to the FCA without delay.
5.3 Changes to Roles
SEL must notify the FCA where it removes an EMD Individual, within 7 days after the event, using the
'Remove an EMD Individual' form, which is accessible via Connect. This notice should include the reasons
for the departure and provide further information if the individual was dismissed for reasons potentially
relating to criminal or fraudulent activities.
SEL must also notify the FCA of material changes in the details of existing EMD Individuals (such as a
name change) or changes to the EMD Individual's fit and proper condition using the 'Amend an EMD
Individual' form, also accessible through Connect.
5.4 Non-Compliance
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
A breach of the F&P Standards could, depending on the nature of the breach, constitute “gross
misconductˮ and may result in disciplinary sanction(s) up to and including dismissal.
If SEL becomes aware that any information previously supplied to the FCA in the EMD Individual Form is
materially inaccurate (e.g. because a criminal conviction or other disciplinary matter has come to light),
this should be notified to the FCA using the 'Amend an EMD Individual' form available on Connect.
SEL may also have reporting obligations under FCA Principle 11 and SUP 15.3 (general notification
requirements), which require SEL to notify the FCA of matters which the FCA would reasonably expect
notice of.
6. Document Management
6.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by SEL Head of Compliance.
6.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis, by the SEL
Board, in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix outlined in Blockʼs Compliance
Policy on Policies.
7. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the
exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping
requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance
Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and
applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
8. Record Retention
SEL will maintain all information collected in compliance with its obligations under EMDR, the FCA
Handbook and data protection legislation for the duration during which the person performs the Regulated
Function and for a period of 6 years afterwards.
SEL should have regard to its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation in holding the
information referenced above including ensuring that the information is held securely and in an
appropriate manner. All published Documents are retained in accordance with Blockʼs Record Retention
guidance or in accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
9. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Requirement Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (in particular Regulation 66b and
Regulation 37
Guidance FCA's Approach to Payment Services and Electronic Money
FCA Website
10. Revision and Approval History
Version Approver Title Type Description Date
1.0 SEL Board SEL Board Initial Approval March 24, 2023
2.0 Sara Sayeed Regulatory Scheduled Revi… New
Program template
Manager and
streamlined
2.0 Elizabeth He… SEL Head of Scheduled Revi… sections Mar 28, 2025
Compliance
2.0 SEL Board SEL Board Scheduled Revi… Apr 10, 2025
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
11. Document Details
Business Square
Scope Regional UK
Compliance Domain Ethics & Employee Conduct
Document Owner SEL Head of Compliance
Last Approval Date April 10, 2025
Effective Date April 10, 2025
Approved By SEL Board
Document Review Schedule Annually March, 2026
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Appendix 1 The F&P Standards
The F&P Standards set out below are excerpted from the FCA Approach Document which lists the
factors that it will consider when determining the honesty, integrity and reputation of an EMD
Individual. Regard should also be had to the FCA's current EMD Individual Form, which is accessible
via the FCA's Connect system.
The factors which the FCA may consider, in assessing the honesty, integrity and reputation of an EMD
Individual, include whether (in the UK or otherwise):
● An assessment of the reputation of the individual has already been conducted by a
regulator;
● The person has been convicted of any criminal offence (particularly of dishonesty, fraud, or
financial crime);
● The person is currently being investigated for any criminal offence. This would include
where someone has been arrested or charged;
● The person has been the subject of any adverse finding or any settlement in civil
proceedings, particularly in connection with investment or other financial business,
misconduct, fraud or the formation or management of a firm, particularly a payment or
e-money institution. This would include any findings by the FCA or another regulator,
clearing houses and exchanges, professional bodies, or government bodies or agencies
(such as HMRC, the Serious Organised Crime Agency, the Serious Fraud Office, etc.) that
the person has breached or contravened any financial services legislation. The regulatory
history of the firm or individual is therefore likely to be relevant;
● The person is or has been the subject of any existing investigation or disciplinary
proceedings, by the FCA or other bodies named above;
● The person has been refused membership, registration or authorisation of a professional
organisation or has had that registration, authorisation, membership or licence revoked,
withdrawn or terminated, or has been expelled by a regulatory or government body;
● The person has been a director, partner, or concerned in the management, of a business
that has gone into insolvency, liquidation or administration while the person has been
connected with that organisation;
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● The person has been subject to relevant disciplinary action (including disqualification as
company director); and
● In the past, the person has been candid and truthful in all their dealings with any regulatory
body and whether the person demonstrates a readiness and willingness to comply with the
requirements and standards of the regulatory system and with other legal, regulatory and
professional requirements and standards.
The FCA will consider, in assessing the competence, capability and experience of an EMD Individual,
whether the individual has the:
● Knowledge;
● Experience; and
● Training,
to be able to perform the activity of providing payment services and e-money services.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
17

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Appendix 2 Suitability Assessment
Role: [x]
Candidate: FCA approval of appointment]
Entity: Squareup Europe Limited (‘SELʼ)
Prepared by: HRBP
Approved by: Board of Directors, SEL (date)]
Background
Introduction: In line with the obligation on e-money institutions to ensure that the regulated activity
is run by individuals who are suitably qualified to do so, SEL assesses proposed EMD individuals
against FCA expectations.
Methodology: Each candidate is assessed against the key requirements for an individual who is
taking on a senior management or influential position relating to SELʼs regulated business. A
ranking is deemed sufficient and suitable if it is 3 or above. The overall ranking for a certain
category is deemed more relevant than an individual component score, as SEL strives to identify
overall suitability for a certain component, in a collective setting.
Determinates
● Knowledge, Skills & Experience
● Reputation, Honesty & Integrity
● Time Availability
● Independence of Mind
Scoring table
Score Rank
1 Does not meet expectations.
2 Partially meets expectations / needs improvement.
3 Fully meets expectations / fully successful.
4 Exceeds expectations /superior.
5 Significantly exceeds expectations / distinguished.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
18

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Assessment
Area Evidence Assessment
Reputation, E.g. The Firm has identified no concerns with the 15
Honesty and Candidateʼs reputation, honesty and integrity.
Integrity
The Candidate has [not] previously been subject to an
assessment of his reputation by a competent authority. As
noted in the Checklist (see Schedule 1):
● the Candidate has provided a self-declaration
regarding criminal, civil and regulatory
investigations/actions; and
● SEL has separately obtained third party evidence
which verifies the Candidateʼs Self-Declaration.]
Knowledge, E.g. As noted at Schedule 2, the Candidate is currently x of 15
Skills & x.
Experience
The Candidate brings a wealth of experience, with deep
understanding of international business strategy, operational
excellence and strategic insight positioning. S/he has over 18
years of senior management experience across fintech
organisations, including x.
Her/his professional experience, skills and strong background
are complimented by her/his commercial awareness and
her/his proven customer focus The Firm is satisfied that the
Candidate possesses the experience, skills, and strategic
vision required for the role of X.]
Independence E.g. The Firm is satisfied that the Candidate has the 15
of mind autonomy required for this role. S/he has extensive
experience in challenging peers to ensure proposals and
strategies are fit for purpose.]
Time E.g. The Candidate will at all times be cognisant of SELʼs 15
availability requirements and will make herself/himself available to the
firm at all times. The Candidate has been made aware of the
minimum time commitments expected of the role of x.]
Conclusion Overall Ranking: 15
Any The Firm will arrange training for the Candidate in the areas of: [x]
recommended
OR The Firm has not identified training or other remedial actions.]
remedial action
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
19

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Schedule 1
Checklist (reflecting FCA ‘Our Approachʼ document; EBA Guideline 16
Requirement Completed
A. Personal Details
Full name, gender, place and date of birth, address and nationality, Yes (held by HR
and personal identification number or copy of ID card or equivalent
B. Details of Role
Role Description (including a description of the individualʼs key Yes - shared with the
duties and responsibilities) Candidate]
Draft letter of appointment Yes - draft prepared]
Planned start date as approved EMD E.g. 28 days post
submission of application
/ date of FCA approval of
appointment]
C. Suitability Assessment
Suitability assessment carried out, including details of the result of Yes (see above, subject
any assessment of the suitability of the individual performed by the to Board approval)
institution
D. Evidence of knowledge, skills and experience
The Candidate has provided a Curriculum Vitae containing details of Yes
education and professional experience, including academic
qualifications, other relevant training, the name and nature of all
organisations for which the individual works or has worked, and the
nature and duration of the functions performed, in particular
highlighting any activities within the scope of the position sought.
E. Evidence of reputation, honesty and integrity
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
20

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Self-declaration by Candidate that: Yes
(a) he has not been involved in (and is not currently subject to):
● criminal investigations and proceedings; or
● relevant civil and administrative cases; or
● disciplinary actions, including disqualification as a company
director, bankruptcy, insolvency and similar procedures; or
● insolvency proceedings or comparable proceedings; or
● investigations, enforcement proceedings or sanctions by a
supervisory authority that the individual has been directly or
indirectly involved in; or
● refusal of registration, authorisation, membership or licence
to carry out a trade, business or profession; the withdrawal,
revocation or termination of registration, authorisation,
membership or licence; or expulsion by a regulatory or
government body or by a professional body or association;
or
● dismissal from employment or a position of trust, fiduciary
relationship or similar situation, or having been asked to
resign from employment in such a position, excluding
redundancies; and
(b) regarding assessments of reputation, the Candidate:
● [has / has not] been subject to an assessment of reputation
as an acquirer or a person who directs the business of an
institution has already been conducted by another
competent authority [if yes - include details of including the
identity of that authority, the date of the assessment and
evidence of the outcome of this assessment, and the
consent of the individual where required to seek such
information to be able to process and use the provided
information for the suitability assessment];
● [has / has not] been subject to an assessment of reputation
by another, non-financial sector, including the identity of that
authority and evidence of the outcome of such an
assessment.
Evidence of the absence of criminal conviction, investigations and Yes
proceedings.
E. EMD Individual Form
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
21

Confidential and Not for Distribution
SEL should also include all relevant information even if: (i) SEL Yes - drafted]
expects that the information is, or may be, already known to the
FCA, as a result of it being in the public domain, or has been
previously disclosed to us or to another regulatory body; or (ii) the
information is considered to be immaterial.
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
22

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Schedule 2
Candidate Profile Template)
Candidateʼs Overall Experience:
Insert
Experience and Leadership:
Insert
Core Competencies:
Insert
EMD Individual Regime Policy| Square | Squareup Europe Limited
23