RETIRED
Compliance Audit, Exam &
Independent Assessment
Management Program
Block
Published September 2023

Table of Contents
Table of Contents 2
Introduction 3
Definitions 3
Roles & Responsibilities 4
Audit, Exam, and Assessment Phases 5
Document Management 6
Document Owner 6
Scheduled Review & Ad-Hoc Maintenance 6
Exceptions 6
Related Documents 7
Revision & Approval History 7
Document Details 7
Compliance Audit, Exam & Independent Assessment Management Program | Block 2

Introduction
Block, Inc. (the “Company” or “Block”) engages in several money transmission, payment activities,
investment, and lending services which are regulated. Block maintains money transmission or
electronic money institution licenses globally and as such is subject to examinations, audits and
independent assessments. Block must also complete assessments for various aspects of its business
to ensure we are meeting our legal, regulatory, and business partner requirements for compliance.
This Audit, Exam, and Independent Assessment Management Program (the “Program”) articulates
Block’s approach to managing and supporting various audits, regulatory examinations, and
independent assessments. It outlines the roles and responsibilities of stakeholders to promote
transparency, consistency, and collaboration.
This program is established by Block, Inc. (“Block”) and is applicable globally across all Block business
lines, subsidiaries, and jurisdictions. References to “staff” throughout this document shall refer to all
full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including interns, temps, consultants,
vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Definitions
Regulatory examinations A regulatory examination is a review of a
financial institution to determine whether the
financial institution is compliant with the local
laws and regulations.
Block is subject to examinations of various
aspects of its business to ensure it meets
licensing and regulatory requirements.
Independent assessments An Independent assessment is a review of
Block’s Compliance program (either in whole
or in part) as directed by contractual
agreements or specific regulatory
requirements. This may include bank partner
audits, network and acquirer partner audits.
Engagement A term used to describe a regulatory exam,
audit, or independent assessment.
Internal audit Internal Audit conducts an independent
review of the compliance controls in an
Compliance Audit, Exam & Independent Assessment Management Program | Block 3

objective manner to ensure that we comply
with the company policies, global, federal and
state regulatory compliance regulations. At
Block, these audits are performed by a third
party, such as Deloitte, Ernst & Young on
behalf of the firm.
Roles & Responsibilities
Compliance Core ● Communicates the importance of
compliance regulatory examinations,
audits, and assessments to their teams.
● Fosters a collaborative and open
environment where Leads are
empowered to address questions
directly.
● Provides support, direction, or
guidance to leads for questions that
are ambiguous or unclear.
Compliance Leads ● Provide cohesive responses for audit,
exam, and assessment questions.
● Ensure responses to questions posed
by auditors and examiners are
accurate, complete and submitted to
the Exam and Audit team in a timely
manner.
● Escalate responses that require review
by Compliance core.
● Develop comprehensive management
action plans (MAPs)/ Corrective Actions
that address the root cause of issues
and mitigate risks to acceptable levels.
EXAM Team ● Provides support for and facilitates
regulatory-driven audits, exams, and
assessments (excluding contractual
obligations).
● Facilitates interactions and
communications with auditors and
examiners.
● Engages Compliance Leads for audit,
exam, and assessment requests and
questions.
● Reviews and provides responses to
draft observations by auditor/examiner.
● Works with auditors/examiners to
finalize reports.
Compliance Audit, Exam & Independent Assessment Management Program | Block 4

● Provides guidance to the Compliance
partner audit management team for
managing the partner audits.
Compliance Partner Risk Team ● Provides support for and facilitates
partner audits.
● Facilitates interactions and
communications with vendors or
partners conducting the
audit/assessment.
● Engages Compliance Leads for
requests and questions.
● Reviews and provides responses to
draft observations by vendors/
partners.
● Works with vendors/partners to finalize
reports.
● Follows the guidelines provided by the
EXAM team in order to manage the
audit.
Exam and Regulatory Response Managers ● Liaises with EXAM team on regulatory
responses and requests from
regulators and regulatory agencies as
the point of contact for Compliance.
GPG Lead ● Provides oversight of compliance
audits, examinations, and assessments
(and as needed for partner audits)
Internal Audit ● Block’s third line of defense that
conducts an independent review of
Compliance controls in an objective
manner to ensure that Block complies
with company policies, global, federal
and state compliance regulations.
Audit, Exam, and Assessment Phases
Compliance audits, regulatory exams, and assessments consist of the following phases:
● Initiation Phase - Block receives notification of an upcoming engagement. This
notification may be a notice from state examiners, requests from business partners, or as
part of a predetermined annual audit plan (“Reviewers”). Internal Audit and Compliance
collaborate to plan required internal audits.
Compliance Audit, Exam & Independent Assessment Management Program | Block 5

● Planning Phase - This phase includes creating a timeline for each legal entity in scope for
the engagement, setting up the working environment, and identifying appropriate
stakeholders and directly responsible individuals (DRIs). This also includes preparation for
kickoff meetings, walkthroughs, preparing DRIs for meetings, and creation of necessary
presentations.
○ Interaction Model and Communication - The respective engagement
management team is responsible for sending formal communications to relevant
stakeholders for the scope, applicability, and roles and responsibilities for each
engagement. This includes engaging an appropriate Counsel Legal team to
ensure legal support for each of the jurisdictions and products in scope for the
engagement. The respective audit management team ensures clear
communication throughout the engagement. This ensures all stakeholders and
DRIs are aware and informed of any requests or follow-up questions.
● On-site Phase - This phase includes managing, responding to, and escalating requests
and follow-up questions. It also includes coordinating any meeting requests. The
respective audit management team serves as the main point of contact for all requests
during the engagement.
● Post-Engagement Phase - This phase includes working with the reviewers in completing
the final report with management response and tracking and managing the issues or
observations and CAPs/ MAPs to completion (link for MAP guidance). This also includes
providing regular reporting to management, committees, or boards, as appropriate.
Document Management
Document Owner
This document is owned by the EXAM team lead or their designee.
Scheduled Review & Ad-Hoc Maintenance
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Compliance Audit, Exam & Independent Assessment Management Program | Block 6

Exceptions
Exceptions to the requirements, strategies, or procedures established by this document must be
pre-approved by the EXAM team lead or their designee. Staff members may submit exception
requests for review at go/policyhelp.
Related Documents
Related Procedure Optional EXAM Team Department Procedure
Revision & Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Sydney Nam Revised Immaterial Change … Updated Sep 26, 2023
template.
Danielle Frank… EXAM Initial Approval Previous Sep 26, 2023
Team version of the
Lead Program were
archived, no
material
changes made
to update this
version.
Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner EXAM Team Lead
Original Publication Date Oct 28, 2021
Last Material Revision Date Feb 22, 2023
Effective Date Oct 28, 2021
Compliance Audit, Exam & Independent Assessment Management Program | Block 7