Activation Customer Risk
Rating Standard
Block
May 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Block, Inc.
and on a need-to-know basis.
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
Roles and Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 6
3. Scope 7
4. Standard Requirements 7
4.1 Process Presentation 7
4.2 Automated Risk Rating Assignment 8
4.2.1 Risk Scope 8
4.2.2 Eligible Customer Population Scope 8
4.2.3 Model Output 8
4.2.4 Model Features 9
4.2.5 Explainability 10
4.3 Model Usage 10
4.3.1 Due Diligence Reviews 10
4.3.2 Intended Usage 10
4.3.3 Triggering & Cadence 11
5. Document Management 11
5.1 Document Owner 11
5.2 Review and Approval 11
6. Monitoring and Reporting 12
7. Exceptions 12
8. Record Retention 12
9. Related Documentation or References 12
10. Revision and Approval History 13
11. Document Details 13
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Customer Risk A methodology/model used in risk determination of a customer account
Rating (“CRR”) at onboarding/activation as well on an ongoing/continuous basis.
Activation A machine learning model and score associated with a one-time
Customer Risk snapshot of initial customer risk taken at onboarding.
Rating (“aCRR”)
Continuous A machine learning model and score associated with a periodically
Customer Risk updated (i.e. ongoing) assessment of customer risk.
Rating (“cCRR”)
Know Your KYC includes the process of establishing risk-based controls to
Customer (“KYC”) reasonably identify and verify the identity of Block’s customers. The term
KYC may also be referred to as Know Your Business (KYB) when dealing
with non-individual entities or business customers.
Model retraining The process of updating the machine learning model based on new or
updated datasets.
Model retuning The process of resetting the model score threshold, based on new or
updated datasets.
Negative action The result of a completed review when an account has been found to be
engaging in illegal, suspicious, and/or high-risk activity. Actions include
account denylist/deactivation, annotation of suspicious activity,
suspicious activity escalation & reporting, and other adverse reporting.
Staff References to “staff” throughout this document shall refer to all full-time
employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including interns,
temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Compliance ● Review alerts and investigate associated activity
Operations ● Decision alerts
● Escalate accounts for unusual or suspicious activity
International and ● Reviewers of the standard and individuals / businesses escalated
Regional Chief by Compliance Operations for the specific region
Compliance
Officers (“CCO”)
Square & Cash ● Approve the Compliance Customer Risk Standard document
CCOs
Regulatory ● Establish and maintain CRR models, parameters and thresholds
Compliance and queueing infrastructure
Machine Learning
Model Risk ● Complete periodic model validation on the CRR models and
Management associated queueing logic
Cash Compliance ● Provide reporting to senior leadership on queue completion,
Analytics performance, and enhancements
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
The cornerstone of a strong anti-money laundering (“AML”) compliance program is the adoption and
implementation of risk-based due diligence policies, procedures, and processes for all customers,
particularly those that present a higher risk for money laundering and terrorist financing. In order to
achieve this, Block, Inc. (“Block”) has designed and implemented a customer risk rating standard
that assesses a customer's profile, assigns a risk rating, and monitors the risk levels of customers.
This Activation Customer Risk Rating (“CRR”) Standard (“Standard”) enables Block to apply the
appropriate risk-based controls to mitigate exposure to money laundering, terrorism financing, and
financial crime. Improper assessment of a customer’s risk can have a cascading effect, creating
deficiencies in multiple areas of internal controls and resulting in an overall weakened AML
compliance standard.
This document covers the development, usage, validation and change management requirements
of a machine learning (“ML”)-based activation CRR model (“aCRR”).
2. Purpose
All user accounts, once successfully onboarded (activated), will be risk-rated using a ML-based aCRR
model. The aCRR model defines the risk ratings for customers at onboarding, producing a one-time
snapshot of initial customer risk that may be consumed by Compliance Operations teams. The
relevant team leads, along with Governance & Compliance Engineering & Technology, will establish
the criteria for the usage of the aCRR model output.
3. Scope
This Standard is established by Block and is applicable globally to Square and Cash App where
applicable.
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4. Standard Requirements
4.1 Process Presentation
Figure 1. Square process flow diagram of aCRR model evaluation.
Figure 2. Cash App process flow diagram of aCRR model evaluation and input to due diligence
reviews
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2 Automated Risk Rating Assignment
4.2.1 Risk Scope
The goal of the aCRR model is to assess the risk associated with an onboarded account with respect
to money laundering, terrorism financing and illegal/suspicious activity/financial crime.1
While Politically Exposed Person (“PEP”) matches, sanctions, and Terms of Service violation risks are
monitored by other Compliance programs, the aCRR model will not incorporate Politically Exposed
Person (“PEP”) matches, sanctions, and Terms of Service violation risks into the generated risk score
at onboarding.
4.2.2 Eligible Customer Population Scope
All user accounts are generally in scope for risk assessment at onboarding for both Square and Cash
App customers for all geographies where the products are in operation.
In the event that Block expands a line of business to a new geography where it had previously not
operated and no historical data or equivalent proxy from a similar geography is available at launch, a
heuristics based approach may be used to collect sufficient outcomes based data2 required to build
an ML based model. Alternatively, an ML model that is available in a similar geography may be
deployed in the new geography with appropriate controls.
4.2.3 Model Output
The aCRR model evaluation produces a score between 0.0 and 1.0 for every user account on
assessment, with 1.0 indicating maximum risk and 0.0 indicating minimal risk.
For model usage purposes, thresholds may be applied on the continuous risk score and combined
with additional business rules to generate alerts for review by the operations teams.
1 Sanctions and Terms of Service violation related actions are excluded
2 The time required to collect sufficient examples is a function of both volume and time period required
for the labels to mature. These are in turn dependent on the nature of the product and membership.
The decisions are made by the relevant ML team managers.
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2.4 Model Features
An analysis is performed to assess which features are available for consideration in the model.
Regulatory requirements, guidance, and industry best practices are used to determine the features
that need to be considered for the model. Details of the specific features used in the aCRR model
can be found in the relevant aCRR System Design documents.
The following types of signals (or features) may be included in the model (non-exhaustive):
● Location and time zone based (IP address or self declared);
● Onboarding self attested information based (e.g. usage intent, source of wealth/income,
employment status);
● Identity Verification information and attempts from third party vendors (e.g. Onfido, TLO,
LexisNexis, IDology etc.);
● Third party information based on email/IP/phone number including, but not limited to
dimensions like known risk indicators etc (Emailage, Ekata, Neustar, Twilio);
● (Stated and/or Inferred) Business Type3 (self attested and/or inferred);
● Hard Connectivity to existing or past assets (e.g. bank accounts, payment cards, SSN,
Employer Identification Number4, IP addresses) previously associated with
Risk/Compliance actions;
● Connectivity to existing or past user accounts (e.g. via CashApp Contact Books) associated
with previous risk/compliance actions5;
● Historical transactional activity based signals of connected Square accounts6;
● Historical transactional activity based signals from customers sharing the same IP address
7; and
● Behavioral signals about the activation process (e.g. app installs, app & device versions,
cashtag length etc.).
3 Square: Stated or inferred business type (MCC) features are not available at activation time, so the ML
model does not use them as input signals. However, MCC information is combined with the aCRR
scores in the business logic for alerting decisions.
4 EIN is for Seller only
5 Cash only
6 Cash only (time period from onboarding event to risk assessment)
7 Square only
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2.5 Explainability
Every aCRR model evaluation and risk rating also logs an ‘explanation’ that provides insight into the
features and/or signals that contributed to the specific customer risk score and their specific weights
or relative contribution importance. Negative signal contributions suggest that the particular signal
contributed to lower the risk score, while positive contributions suggest the opposite. The sum of
contributions from all the models’ constituent signals result in the final risk rating assigned to the
user account. Signals are typically grouped by a handful of high level themes to aid in human
interpretability and review.
Explainability is logged primarily for regulatory and audit purposes.
4.3 Model Usage
4.3.1 Due Diligence Reviews
The scores generated by the aCRR model are a fundamental component of Block’s AML risk
management framework. The scores are used as an input to ensure that risk-based due diligence
and ongoing monitoring is applied to Block’s customers and accounts.
4.3.2 Intended Usage8
The intended usage of the aCRR model is to:
● Generate an activation risk score for user accounts to be potentially consumed by
downstream models as an input signal, so that initial activation risk is considered
alongside ongoing account activity for alerting decisions.9
● To provide an option to combine the model score with specific usage based
heuristics/business logic for review by relevant KYC teams;
● To provide an option to trigger an alert for an enhanced due diligence review (“EDD”) if a
‘high risk’ score is attributed to the user at activation, in which the user account may be
blocked from transacting on the platform until the EDD review is successfully completed.
8 Intended use may vary based on specific product and/or geography and may not necessarily capture all future use alerts for this model.
Meant to reflect key usage scenarios without necessarily being exhaustive. Specific details are captured in the product/geo specific system
doc.
9 Square: aCRR score is consumed as an input to cCRR model; Cash: All input signals that are available to the
aCRR model at activation are also available as input to the cCRR models and Transaction Monitoring models,
which might weight these signals differently from the aCRR model.
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.3.3 Triggering & Cadence
The aCRR score is a one-time snapshot of risk at activation, and scoring will happen either at
account onboarding or within a reasonable amount of time post account onboarding.
For Cash App, a user provided mobile number or email address at account creation is considered the
activation event that triggers the aCRR model evaluation.10
For Square, a user completing the self-onboarding activation flow (prior to approval) is considered
the activation step that triggers the aCRR model evaluation.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Block Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning Lead or their
designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix. In addition, the aCRR models should
be reviewed when there are material legal and/or regulatory changes, material updates are made to
existing products, and/or when new markets are entered that will impact the company’s risk profile.
6. Monitoring and Reporting
The Document Owner and/or their designee will continuously review processes associated with the
Standard to ensure they align with its requirements and evaluate whether outcomes meet the
intended goals and expectations. This review will include regular assessments of key metrics and any
deviations from expected results to ensure ongoing compliance.
As outlined in Block’s Compliance Management System (CMS) Policy, Compliance will provide
regular updates to the Block, Inc. Board (“Board”) and executive management. This reporting may
10 In some non-US markets (Cash), users must undergo IDV at onboarding to transact on the platform. In
these markets, IDV complete is considered the activation event that triggers aCRR model evaluation.
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
include specific information related to policies, Standards, procedures, audit/exam findings, issues
management, training, and complaints.
7. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee
will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
8. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance, whichever is longer.
9. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Standard Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Cash App | U.S.
Related Standard Continuous Customer Risk Rating Standard | Square
10. Revision and Approval History
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Vijay Sathish Head of Creation Initial Creation Jun 7, 2023
Compliance
Engineering and
Technology -
Data, Cash App
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Chris Nasrallah Head of Creation Jun 7, 2023
Compliance
Engineering and
Technology -
Data, Square
Tyler Hand Head of Initial Appro… Jun 15, 2023
Compliance,
Cash App
Laura Fragom… Head of Initial Appro… Jun 15, 2023
Compliance,
Square
Melissa Benja… Head of Program Scheduled … No material May 20, 2025
Management updates.
and Quality, Alignment of
Square content and
Compliance sections to meet
document
Megan Gonzal… Head of Scheduled … template May 29, 2025
Financial Crimes, requirements
Cash App
11. Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Compliance Engineering & Technology
Document Owner Block Regulatory Compliance Machine Learning Lead
Last Approval Date May 29, 2025
Effective Date May 29, 2025
Approved By Head of Financial Crimes, Cash App;
Head of Program Management and Quality, Square
Compliance
Document Review Schedule Annually [May 2026]
Activation Customer Risk Rating Standard | Block
13