Training and Competence Standard
Clearpay Finance Ltd
Last Approved: Mar 25, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 25, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Clearpay Finance Limited (“Clearpayˮ) is committed to upholding the
highest standards of conduct and governance. This Training and Competence Standard
(“Standardˮ) outlines Clearpayʼs approach to complying with the Financial Conduct Authority
(“FCAˮ)ʼs requirements to ensure all staff possess the required competence to undertake their
responsibilities to Clearpay regulated activities. The Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for
management of this Standard.
Scope: This Standard applies to Clearpay, all its employees, outsourced service providers,
consultants, contractors, suppliers and agents (“Clearpay employeesˮ).
It is the duty of all Clearpay employees to be familiar with this Standard and any operational
routines concerning Training and Competence which are relevant to their work. Mandatory
compliance training administered in person and through Clearpayʼs Learning Management System
(“LMSˮ) is managed under this Standard. Clearpay updates its Compliance Training Calendar on an
annual basis , which details the schedule and audiences for global and regional mandatory
compliance training for the calendar year.
Clearpay is authorised and regulated by the FCA to enter into regulated consumer credit
agreements with customers (“consumersˮ or “customersˮ). Under the FCAʼs Systems and Controls
requirements (“SYSCˮ) Clearpay is required to ensure it employs personnel with the skills,
knowledge and expertise necessary for the discharge of the responsibilities allocated to them.
Clearpay also needs to ensure its systems and controls enable it to satisfy itself of the suitability of
anyone who acts for it, including an assessment of their competence. This assessment should take
account of the level of responsibility of that individual.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
1

Assignment Generally, enterprise-wide mandatory compliance training is assigned to new
hires within a week of onboarding and they are given 30 days to complete
the training. For enterprise-wide mandatory compliance training assigned
annually, staff are generally given 45 days to complete the training.
Exceptions are outlined in the Compliance Training Calendar.
Enrollment Staff Members who are assigned training based on eligibility criteria
Audience determined and approved by the Content Owner for each training course.
Training The end-to-end cycle to manage a specific training course.
Campaign
Staff Member(s) All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support the
operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Standards, and includes
interns, temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers and
contractors.
FCA Financial Conduct Authority Clearpay is authorised and regulated by the
FCA.
2. Standard Requirements
2.1. Board Training
Board Training is delivered on an annual basis to the Clearpay Board by the Chief Compliance
Officer and/or Money Laundering Reporting Officer (“MLROˮ) or their delegate. This training may
include but is not limited to AML, Anti-Bribery & Corruption (“ABCˮ),and Consumer Protection
topics along with any additional content identified by the CCO. If a Board Director is also an
employee, they will be waived from employee-level training if they attended the Director-level
training.
2.2. Intake Process
New training requests for in-house development are considered and prioritised on a case-by-case
basis by the Clearpay Training Team (“CTTˮ). The CTT then determines the best learning solution
for required training, and the order in which the request will be prioritised against the Compliance
Training Calendar (“CTCˮ).
For training that will require vendor support, the CTT will manage the relationship, advise on
system requirements, evaluate vendor options, customise vendor content, and support use of
vendor content.
2

2.3 Training Records
Training records are maintained and stored in accordance with Blockʼs Data Classification &
Handling Policy.
Training records include:
● Training Content, including versions of training materials;
● Records of Training Completion from LMS; and
● Where applicable, records of Training Assessments and corresponding results.
● Records are stored within the LMS and secure shared drives managed by the CTT.
2.4 Communication Plan
2.4.1 Annual Training Communication Plan
In order to ensure completion of required foundational corporate Compliance training and maintain
a culture of compliance, Clearpay has established the below communication and escalation
process to ensure team members are encouraged to complete training by the required due date.
Once training is assigned, employees must complete training within 30 days from annual training
enrollment and enrollment for new hires (unless otherwise noted in the Compliance Training
Calendar).
2.4.2 New Hire & Other Modified Escalation Process
The CTT review new hire completion rates are reviewed on a monthly basis and notifications are
sent to employees and their leads for two monthly cycles or until complete for learners who are
30 days overdue.
Additionally, at times, select training may need to have a customised escalation process based on
audience, requirements, campaign length, and/or subject matter. This determination is made in
partnership between the CTT and the Content Owner. In these instances, a modified escalation
process will be developed and applied to the campaign.
2.4.3 Training Non-Completion
Clearpay requires all Staff Members to complete and understand mandatory Compliance Training
within established timeframes. Staff Members who do not complete training by established due
dates may be subject to further escalations and or disciplinary action. Upon the conclusion of a
Training Campaign cycle, the CTT will provide a final list of Staff Members with incomplete training
to the HRBPs at the completion of the Training Campaign.
2.5 Enrollment Waivers
At times, it may be necessary, based on audience updates or changes to training requirements, to
make changes to an approved Enrollment Audience after training has been assigned to employees
3

via LMS. The CTT manages a formal exception process for how these changes are managed and
processed, following one of the two pathways described below.
● Waivers: Waivers are enrollment exceptions that deviate from the audience Assignment
parameters for an individual or group of individuals. Waivers are reviewed on a
case-by-case basis by the CTT and Content Owners. For waivers (both individual and
bulk), requestors must submit a request in writing providing a business justification for the
unenrollment request. The CTT will review requests and work with respective Content
Owners to determine if additional approvals are required (i.e. such as from Employment
Counsel). If the waiver request is approved, the CTT will fulfill the request in the LMS and
maintain a record of the request and its approval.
● Changes to Training Audience: For any other changes to the training audience after
training has been assigned (e.g. adding employees missed), Content Owners must make
the request to the CTT in writing, detailing which course and how the audience needs to be
updated. The CTT will maintain a record of the request and its approval.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
Clearpay Roles:
● Chief Compliance Officer CCO
○ Advises on Clearpay training content review, provides input on relevant training
requirements
○ Delivers training to Clearpay Finance Ltd Board.
○ Reviews and approves waivers for training based on eligibility; this responsibility
may be delegated
● Money Laundering Reporting Officer MLRO
○ Advise on AML training content review, provides input on relevant training
requirements
○ Reviews and approves waivers for AML training based on eligibility; this
responsibility may be delegated
● Compliance Training Team CTT
○ Owns and manages this Compliance Training & Competence Standard which
outlines the requirements and strategy for implementing the requirements.
○ Advises on training development and design, escalation process, communications
plan, and other CTT-owned processes and enterprise-wide mandatory compliance
training.
○ Responsible for monitoring adherence to Standards requirements.
○ Supports development of Compliance Training for the Clearpay Finance Ltd Board
which are delivered and facilitated by the Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ).
● Content Owners:
○ Own training content, and in collaboration with the Compliance Training Team
4

(“CTTˮ), are responsible for ensuring that their content and enrollment deliverables
are completed by target dates.
○ Provide the Enrollment Audience requirements for their training to the CTT.
○ Review and approve final training content, audience, and waiver requests (based on
eligibility criteria) prior to campaign launch
● Human Resources Business Partners (“HRBPsˮ):
○ Where Staff Members fail to complete their required Compliance Training HRBPs (in
partnership with People Leads) determine and support disciplinary action, as
appropriate.
● People Leads:
○ People Leads should ensure timely completion of training for all their team
members.
○ Where Staff Members fail to complete their required Compliance Training
requirements, People Leads determine and or support disciplinary action, as
appropriate.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Standard Owner and/or their designee will monitor Standard related
activities to evaluate adherence to the Standard and determine whether outputs adhere to
established objectives.
Specifically, training results are reported and submitted to the Clearpay Finance Ltd Board on a
quarterly basis. Training reports include completion rates for each training and can be broken
down by region, cost center, and team code. Training results are reported and submitted to the
Clearpay Finance Ltd Board on a quarterly basis.
3.3 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block Inc.ʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
Training records include:
● Training Content, including versions of training materials;
● Records of Training Completion from LMS; and
● Where applicable, records of Training Assessments and corresponding results.
Records are stored within the LMS and secure shared drives managed by the CTT.
3.4 Exceptions
The Standard Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
5

provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions and Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Block Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Adrienne La… Clearpay Chief Initial Appro… New document Mar 25, 2026
Compliance
Officer
Document Details:
Business Clearpay
Scope UK
Compliance Domain Governance
6

Document Owner Amanda Ettridge Clearpay UK Compliance Senior
Manager
Approved By Adrienne Lamond Clearpay UK Chief Compliance Officer
Document Tier Tier 3
7