RETIRED
Regulatory Change
Management Standard
Afterpay US, Inc.
September 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Afterpay
US, Inc. and on a need-to-know basis.
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 6
2. Purpose 6
3. Scope 7
4. Standard Requirements 7
4.1.1 Identify and Research Regulatory Changes 7
4.2 Evaluate the Regulatory Change to Determine the Impacted LOBs 8
4.3 Create and Manage a Project Plan for the Regulatory Change 8
4.4 Create a Notion Change Event 8
4.5 Communicate and Provide Compliance Support 9
4.6 Update Compliance Policies, Standards, and Procedures 9
4.7 Designate Training 10
4.8 Verify the Implementation of the Regulatory Change 10
4.9 Implement Ongoing Compliance Testing 11
4.10 Annual Compliance Regulatory Change Program Review 11
5. Document Management 11
5.1 Document Owner 11
5.2 Review and Approval 11
6. Monitoring and Reporting 11
7. Exceptions 11
8. Record Retention 12
9. Related Documentation or References 12
10. Revision and Approval History 12
11. Document Details 12
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Line of Business A group of people within Afterpay that is responsible for a specific
(LOB) function. This term can be used to refer to departments, divisions, or
other types of teams.
Directly An individual that owns and is responsible for a specific task, process,
Responsible policy, etc. within the Project Management Plan.
Individual (“DRI”)
Notion Change Item created within Notion that facilitates the execution of all tasks
Event related to a regulatory change.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Compliance Compliance is responsible for the execution of the Notion change event
created by Lend Reg. Compliance will coordinate with affected LOBs to
build a Project Team. Compliance and the Project Team will ensure that
all change requirements are implemented, tested and validated.
Key Stakeholders The Stakeholders include all individuals and LOBs who are impacted by
the project. For this project we are defining a subset of the stakeholders
as Key Stakeholders. These are the stakeholders with whom we need to
communicate and are not included in the other roles defined in this
section. The Key Stakeholders include executive management with an
interest in the project and key users identified for participation in the
project.
Lend Reg Lend Reg is responsible for the identification of applicable regulatory
changes and creating a Notion change event to facilitate the
implementation of the regulatory change. In creating a Notion change
event, Lend Reg will compile all requirements of the regulatory change
and package them within the Notion change event.
Project Manager The Project Manager has overall responsibility for the execution of the
project. The Project Manager manages day to day resources, provides
project guidance and monitors and reports on the projects metrics as
defined in the Project Management Plan. As the person responsible for
the execution of the project, the Project Manager is the primary
communicator for the project distributing information according to the
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Communications Management Plan. The project manager role will be
assumed by a designee agreed upon by the Project Team.
Project Team The Project Team is comprised of all persons who have a role performing
work on the project. The project team needs to have a clear
understanding of the work to be completed and the framework in which
the project is to be executed. Since the Project Team is responsible for
completing the work for the project, they play a key role in creating the
Project Plan including defining its schedule and work packages. The
Project Team requires a detailed level of communications which is
achieved through day-to-day interactions with the Project Manager and
other team members along with weekly team meetings.
Technical Lead The Technical Lead is a person on the Project Team who is designated to
be responsible for ensuring that all technical aspects of the project are
addressed and that the project is implemented in a technically sound
manner. The Technical Lead is responsible for all technical designs,
overseeing the implementation of the designs and developing
standardized documentation. The Technical Lead requires close
communications with the Project Manager and the Project Team. Each
Technical Lead will also fulfill the position of Quality Specialist.
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Regulatory Change Management Standard (“Standard”) outlines Afterpay US, Inc.’s (“Afterpay”)
approach to identifying changes to . The Product Compliance Manager is responsible for the
management of this Standard.
2. Purpose
The purpose of the Regulatory Change Management Standard is to direct effective change
management that will ensure all impacted LOB revise and implement procedures and controls to
mitigate Afterpay’s legal, compliance, and reputation risks related to any regulatory changes.
The purpose of this document is to outline the roles and responsibilities and workflow for processing
regulatory changes. The scope of the Standard is designed to direct the implementation of
regulatory changes in an efficient and effective manner by providing regulatory guidance to Directly
Responsible Individuals (“DRIs”) to mitigate legal, compliance and reputation risks. The Lending
Regulatory Counsel Team (“Lend Reg”) and Product Compliance (“Compliance”) will coordinate with
multiple groups within Afterpay to drive the change process and package implementation material
for the impacted LOBs. Generally, the level of detail captured herein is intended to provide
experienced Managers and associates with an overview and understanding of the subject process
and underlying activities for implementing regulatory change, and it should serve as a resource to
such individuals.
The regulatory change management process will:
● Identify and research regulatory changes;
● Evaluate the regulatory change to determine the impacted LOBs;
● Create and manage a project plan for the regulatory change;
● Effectively communicate and provide legal and compliance support for the regulatory
change to the impacted LOBs;
● Update Afterpay policies impacted by the regulatory change and ensure that the
impacted LOBs update their policies and procedures as needed;
● Designate training, as needed, for associates impacted by the regulatory change; and
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Verify the regulatory change has been implemented by the impacted LOBs prior to the
final effective date of the change.
3. Scope
This Standard is applicable to Afterpay’s employees and sets out the approach to Regulatory Change
Management. This Standard has also been created to ensure that Afterpay and relevant personnel
are aware of and comply with expectations regarding Regulatory Change Management, as detailed
below.
4. Standard Requirements
4.1.1 Identify and Research Regulatory Changes
Lend Reg will identify regulatory changes using reputable industry resources. When changes are
identified that will impact Afterpay’s processes and practices, Lend Reg will review and research the
proposed change.
There are several resources that will be used by Lend Reg to identify and research regulatory
changes including but not limited to the following:
● Reg Counsel Monthly Updates meeting;
● Fiscal Note Report;
● Bi-weekly Policy Counsel Meeting;
● Policy Reg Counsel Slack Channel;
● Communications from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”);
● Communications from outside counsel; and
● Communications from other Federal banking agencies.
In addition to these resources, other reputable industry resources (bulletins, regulator news updates,
etc.) or RegTech solutions may be used.
When changes are identified where a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (“NPRM”) has been issued by
the regulatory agencies, Lend Reg will create a Notion change event with impacts to a LOB and
update it throughout the implementation process.
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2 Evaluate the Regulatory Change to Determine the Impacted LOBs
Lend Reg and Compliance will evaluate the proposed regulatory change to determine the impacted
LOBs that will be responsible for implementing the change. At this time, Lend Reg will create a
Notion change event. LOBleadership will determine DRIs and assign the appropriate associate(s) to
create a Project Team. During the process of building the Notion change event, the Project Team
will then evaluate and formulate their respective role in the Change Management Process.
4.3 Create and Manage a Project Plan for the Regulatory Change
Once regulatory agencies issue a final rule with an effective date for a proposed regulatory change,
the Project Team will develop the project plan. The project plan will include the following:
● Assignment of DRIs for the impacted BU(s);
● State the project scope;
● Prepare a plan to monitor the progress of the implementation for the regulatory change;
● Determine a Cost Management Plan or Budget, if applicable;
● Determine the schedule for implementing the change;
● Incorporate the communication plan;
● Define the BU’s quality control/assurance process required;
● Final implementation of the regulatory change.
NOTE: Whenever a regulatory change impacts system processes, the LOB impacted by a change
and IT will be responsible for implementing the appropriate changes to system processes to meet
the regulatory requirements. The Project Team, LOBs, and IT will follow existing standard operating
procedures with making a change to the impacted systems.
4.4 Create a Notion Change Event
The Project Team will track duties and progress via Notion. All team members should use this system
to provide updates, archive various reports, and conduct project communications. This platform
enables senior management, as well as stakeholders, to access project updates at any point in time.
All relative data and communications will be housed in Notion. Upon completion of the project, the
Project Team will be responsible for closing out the Notion change event.
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
A Project Team Directory will provide contact information for all persons involved in the change
management project. The email addresses and phone numbers in this table will be used to
communicate with these people. See Template A.
4.5 Communicate and Provide Compliance Support
Lend Reg will distribute all identified and applicable information regarding a regulatory change to
Compliance through Notion. Compliance will contact the impacted LOBs and provide support to the
LOBs related to the regulatory change and provide guidance to effectively implement the regulatory
change.
The Project Team will take a proactive role in ensuring effective communications throughout the
project. For any project, the Project Team will utilize standard Afterpay formats and templates for all
formal project communications. As with most project plans, updates or changes may be required as
the project progresses or changes are approved. Changes or updates may be required due to
changes in personnel, scope, budget, or other reasons. Additionally, updates may be required as the
project matures and additional requirements are needed. The Project Team is responsible for
managing all proposed and approved changes and ensuring that all project stakeholders remain
aware and informed.
4.6 Update Compliance Policies, Standards, and Procedures
The applicable Compliance DRI will update any existing impacted compliance policy or draft a new
compliance policy for a newly implemented regulation or law. The update to an existing compliance
policy or the drafting of a new compliance policy will be submitted to the Lending Product
Compliance Lead for review. Following the Lending Product Compliance Lead’s review, a final draft of
the updated or newly developed policy will be submitted to the Compliance Committee for approval.
The impacted LOBs will be responsible for updating policies and procedures that are affected by the
regulatory change and following their process for policy and procedure approval. Compliance will
provide the LOBs with any support to regulatory changes of their policies and procedures to help
ensure applicable compliance issues are addressed.
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.7 Designate Training
The Project Team will work with Product Compliance to determine the appropriate training
necessary. This training will be coordinated with the LOB training staff. The method for delivery of
the training will need to be identified based on the critical significance of the regulatory change.
Delivery of the training may include any or all of the following:
● A memo prepared by Compliance and addressed to the associates affected by the
regulatory change;
● A LOB staff meeting where a Manager discusses and provides relevant information to
associates regarding the regulatory change; and/or
● Webinar training, developed either in-house or with a third-party vendor to affected
associates and facilitated by Compliance.
●
Compliance will assist the LOBs with any of its compliance training needs for the regulatory change.
The Project Team will also verify with Afterpay’s third party vendor for computer-based training,
(training application if applicable), that it has updated the training modules for the affected
regulation or law.
4.8 Verify the Implementation of the Regulatory Change
Prior to the final effective implementation date of a regulatory change, Compliance will review, as
applicable, all policies and procedures, disclosures, systems, and training to determine adequate
coverage and controls are in place to mitigate the compliance risks associated with the change.
Lend Reg will review to determine adequate coverage and controls are in place to mitigate the legal
and reputational risks associated with the change.
During this step, each impacted LOB will complete their own Quality Control/Quality Assurance
testing to ensure there are no additional risks to Afterpay created with implementation, processes
requiring additional adjustments, or corrections necessitated.
A summary of each regulatory change project will be submitted to the Compliance Committee in
the quarter following the effective date of the change.
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.9 Implement Ongoing Compliance Testing
Following the effective date of a regulatory change, Compliance will incorporate testing for the
regulatory change as part of its ongoing compliance testing processes.
4.10 Annual Compliance Regulatory Change Program Review
A review of the Regulatory Change Program will be performed annually, or as needed, for example
when enhancements are identified to create a more effective and efficient program. The review will
be performed by the Project Team, and any revisions or additions to the program will be submitted
to the Compliance Director for review and approval.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Lending Product Compliance Manager.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
6. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Document Owner and/or their designee will monitor Standard related
activities to evaluate adherence to the Standard and determine whether outputs adhere to
established objectives.
7. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws
and regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee
will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
8. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
9. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Policy Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
10. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Robert Graham Lend Reg Reviewed/Appro… Aug 30, 2024
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Lending Product Creation Develop Aug 30, 2024
Compliance Standard to
Lead outline
Regulatory
Change
Management
Process specific
to Afterpay US.
11. Document Details
Business Afterpay US, Inc.
Scope Regional
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Compliance Domain Consumer Protection
Document Owner Lending Product Compliance Manager
Document Approver Lending Product Compliance Lead
Last Approval Date N/A - New Standard Document
Effective Date Sep 2, 2024
Document Review Schedule Annually
Regulatory Change Management Standard | Afterpay US, Inc.
13