Third Party Risk
Management Policy
Square | Square Canada Inc.
Last Approval Date: September 8, 2025

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 5
Roles and Responsibilities 8
1. Introduction 13
2. Purpose 14
3. Scope 14
4. Policy Requirements 14
4.1 What is Outsourcing? 14
4.2 Intra-Group Arrangements 15
4.3 Sub-Outsourced Services 16
4.4.1. Outsourcing Assessment 16
4.5. Notify, Contract and Register 19
4.6 Conflicts of Interest 20
4.7 Training 21
4.8 Monitoring and Reporting 21
4.8.1 Ongoing Monitoring 21
4.8.2 Incident Breach Reporting Structure 22
4.8.3 Reporting MI to management / Board 22
5. Non-Compliance 22
6. Document Management 23
6.1 Document Owner 23
6.2 Review and Approval 23
7. Record Retention 23
8. Revision and Approval History 24
9. Document Details 25
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Critical Activity Functions that are necessary to perform core retail payment
activities, unless the institution’s assessment establishes that a failure
to provide the outsourced function or the inappropriate provision of
the outsourced function would not have an adverse impact on the
operational continuity of core retail payment activities, or compliance
with the Retail Payment Activities Act.
Intra-group Refers to a Third Party Arrangement between Square Canada and
Outsourcing any entity within Block.
Third Party A direct and contractual arrangement between Square Canada and
Arrangement Third Party (whether an intra-group entity or an external vendor)
under which the Third Party performs a process, service, or activity —
or a portion thereof — that is critical to the safety, reliability, and
security of Square Canada’s retail payment activities, or essential to
ensuring compliance with the Retail Payment Activities Act and
Retail Payment Activities Regulations. This applies even if Square
Canada has not historically performed the process, service, or activity
in-house.
Third Party Any references to “Third Party Policy” or “Third Party Program” refer to
Policy/Program this document.
Third Party Risk The process of identifying, assessing, and controlling risks that are
Management presented throughout the lifecycle of Block’s relationships with Third
Parties. This begins before a Third Party is onboarded, when Block is
considering whether to engage in a relationship with the Third Party,
continues through Procurement’s onboarding activities, and extends
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Terminology Definition
through the offboarding, involving many internal stakeholders who
contribute to the process.
Third Party Service A Third Party entity that is undertaking an outsourced process,
Provider (“TPSP”) service or activity, or parts thereof, under a third party arrangement
on behalf of Square Canada. The term refers to both external third
party service providers and intra/inter group service providers.
Third Party Register Contains details of all outsourced processes, services, or activities. This
register is maintained by the Chief Risk Officer.
Service Recipient An individual at Square Canada that is responsible for the delivery of
the process, service, or activity and the performance of the TPSP.
Fourth Party Fourth Party Arrangement (also known as sub-outsourcing) occurs
Arrangement when a TPSP engaged by Square Canada has themselves further
outsourced the relevant process, service or activity, or parts thereof to
another TPSP. For the avoidance of doubt, this includes where
Square Canada has an intra-group Third Party Arrangement with
another Block entity and that Block entity has sub-outsourced to any
other individual or entity.
Staff Member(s) or All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support
Staff the operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and include
interns, temporary workers, consultants, vendors, third-party
providers, and contractors.
An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labour, contractors)
hired by Square Canada who supports the operations covered by this
Policy.
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Terminology Definition
Directly Responsible A single person, independent of function, who directly obtains the
Individual (DRI) products and services from a third party, and manages an active
engagement and related contract.
Roles and Responsibilities
Oversight and management of Square Canada’s Third Party Arrangements is provided in a
number of ways through a clear and defined Governance methodology and the Three Lines of
Defence(LOD) model.
Role Responsibility DRI (where
applicable)
Governance - Board of The Board of Directors holds ultimate
Directors accountability for oversight of risks related
third-party arrangements. The Board ensures
alignment with Square Canada’s strategic
direction, maintains oversight over key
third-party risks, and confirms that the policy
supports sound risk management and
regulatory compliance.
Governance - First The Operational Risk and Sellers Health
Line of Defence - Committee is the sub-committee of the
Operational Risk and Executive Leadership team and escalates into
the GRC Committee if required. The committee
Sellers Health
will focus on First Line of Defence Operational
Committee
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Role Responsibility DRI (where
applicable)
risk and controls updates, sellers metrics and
commercial outcomes, and other areas such as
complaints, hardship data, third party/ vendor
issues and so on.
First Line of Defence - The Head of IRO is responsible for managing Liz Samson
Head of Industry the risks associated with Square Canada’s Third
Relations and Party Arrangements and operating the controls
Operations (IRO) to manage these risks.
First Line of Defence - The Third Party Delivery Coordinator supports
Third Party Delivery the Third Party Risk Manager and is responsible
Coordinator (“TPDC”) for the day to day oversight and coordination of
services received from intra-group services and
holistic oversight of all Third Party Service
Providers(TPSPs).
First Line of Defence - The Service Recipient is responsible for the day
Service Recipient to day management of the service received
from the TPSP throughout the lifetime of the
relationship, ensuring the effective delivery and
performance of these services.
First Line of Defence - The Risk SMEs who participate in the program
Risk Subject Matter come from various Block departments and
Experts (“RSMEs”) provide expertise in areas such as business
continuity, compliance, information security,
and privacy, as relevant to a particular
relationship. Risk SMEs: (i) provide subject
matter expertise on their respective risk areas;
(ii) determine the appropriate level of due
diligence to be performed based on the initial
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Role Responsibility DRI (where
applicable)
risk assessment; and (iii) review due diligence
documentation and identify key subject matter
related risks.
Second Line of The Legal Function is responsible for ensuring Saleha Ali
Defence - any third party service contracts are legally
Legal Function binding, in compliance with applicable legal
and regulatory requirements, the standards as
described in this Policy, and Square Canada’s
business model.
Second Line of The CRO, as the designated Senior Officer for Toni Kuyinu
Defence - both operational risk management and
Chief Risk Officer incident response, is responsible for providing
(“CRO”) Second Line of Defence oversight and
challenge of all Third Party Arrangements using
a risk-based approach.
Second Line of The CCO is responsible for providing Jeff White
Defence - independent oversight and guidance to the
Chief Compliance First Line of Defence in order to ensure Third
Officer Party Service Providers are operating in
(“CCO”) compliance with regulatory requirements.
Second Line of The Third-Party Outsourcing Risk Manager is Rhoda Lalog
Defence - responsible for leading the development,
Third-Party implementation, and maintenance of the Third
Outsourcing Risk Party Risk Policy in accordance with regulatory
Manager requirements, working closely with first line
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Role Responsibility DRI (where
applicable)
business stakeholders, risk, compliance and
legal to ensure the requirements are met.
Third Line of Defence - Internal Audit is responsible for assessing the
Internal Audit effectiveness of the performance of Third Party
Arrangements and the controls required to
mitigate associated risks through a risk-based
approach
Third Line of Defence - Square Canada may determine that an
Third Parties independent third-party review is warranted to
provide additional assurance over the
organization’s third-party management
practices. When engaged, the individuals
conducting the review must possess the
requisite expertise and professional
qualifications to effectively evaluate the
third-party risk management program and
deliver a comprehensive assessment of their
findings.
Third Party A TPRO serves as Square Canada’s primary
Relationship Owner contact and is ultimately responsible for the
(“TPRO”) Third Party and associated risks throughout the
Third Party Relationship for Tier 1 Third Parties.
Other Directly Responsible Individuals (“DRI(s)”)
may also enter into relationships with Third
Parties, but only one designee will be the
Square Canada TPRO. The TPRO may delegate
tasks to the DRI, but cannot delegate ultimate
responsibility. TPROs will: (i) support all the
components of the TPRM Program and policy;
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Role Responsibility DRI (where
applicable)
(ii) meet with the third party to review
performance, scope of work, SLAs (if applicable
and outlined in the respective governing
document) and compliance with contractual
obligations; (iii) oversee the overall third party
relationship; and (iv) serve as an escalation
point for any Third Party related issues.
Procurement Procurement team members assist the TPRM
Team in implementing the Program.
Procurement is a team responsible for the
overarching process that assists in acquisition of
Third Party products or services.
Governance - Second The Governance Risk & Compliance Committee
Line of Defence - provides independent oversight of Square
Governance, Risk, and Canada and escalates directly to the Board. It
has been established to meet the requirement
Compliance (GRC)
for an effective governance framework,
Committee
responsible for the oversight of Square’s
compliance with applicable laws and its key
risks, and acts as the primary conduit between
the business (Line 1) and the Board for
governance, risk and compliance, including
incident management, product and policy
approvals, and risk decisions.
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
Square Canada (“Square Canada” or “the Company”), a subsidiary of Block, Inc., is a financial
services and technology company that provides an integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions.
These solutions include point-of-sale systems, payment processing, e-commerce tools, and
financial services designed to help businesses of all sizes start, run, and grow. Square Canada
operates as a payment service provider (“PSP”), offering businesses the ability to accept various
forms of electronic payments, including credit and debit card transactions, both in-person and
online. By providing point-of-sale systems, payment processing services, and e-commerce
solutions, Square Canada facilitates financial transactions for merchants across the country and
operates in a capacity that may be considered a Money Services Business (“MSB”) under
Canadian regulatory definitions.
Outsourcing involves the use of a third party service provider in any number of operational
functions to perform ongoing activities (including agreements for a limited period), that would
normally be undertaken by Square Canada personnel. This includes both critical and non-critical
operational functions. While Square Canada does not itself conduct banking activities, we do rely
on bank partners, our parent company Block Inc. Group (“Block”), and other third parties for
services that support our operations. Where those services involve the delegation of activities
that Square Canada could reasonably perform itself (e.g., reconciliation, onboarding support,
transaction monitoring), they may be considered outsourcing and should be subject to
appropriate oversight, regardless of whether the service provider is a financial institution or not.
Third party arrangements generate risks for Square Canada. These risks must be identified and
relevant controls applied prior to Square Canada entering into the arrangement, and these risks
must be effectively managed throughout the third party management lifecycle. The purpose of
this Third Party Risk Management Policy (“the Policy”, “this Policy”) is to document Square
Canada’s approach to doing this, aligned with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and
relevant supervisory guidance.
As a member of the Block, Square Canada is subject to Block’s Third Party Risk Management
Policy, which ensures that all third party vendors are reviewed and assessed in accordance with
such policy at the Block level. This Policy should be read in conjunction with the Block Third Party
Risk Management Policy. Where there is a conflict between the Block Third Party Risk
Management Policy and this Policy, this Policy will prevail.
Square Canada recognizes that the delegation of activities under a Third Party Arrangement
does not result in any delegation of responsibility, and that ultimate responsibility for outsourced
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
processes, services, or activities remains with Square Canada Management and the Square
Canada Board at all times.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to set out Square Canada’s approach to the planning,
implementation, monitoring and management of ‘Outsourcing’ of activities by Square Canada to
third party service providers (“TPSPs”).
3. Scope
This Policy is established by Square Canada and is applicable to all Square Canada Third Party
Arrangements and Square Canada Staff Members. References to “Staff Members'' throughout
this document shall refer to all employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who support
the operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this Policy, and includes interns, temporary
workers, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and contractors, regardless of the
geographic location of such individuals.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 What is Outsourcing?
Square Canada defines a third party relationship as ‘an arrangement between Square Canada
and any other individual or entity that provides products or services to Square Canada via an
ongoing relationship’. Vendor arrangements can be either ‘Outsourcing’ or ‘Non-Outsourcing’
arrangements, and vendors can be either external third parties or other Block Inc. entities.
Square Canada defines outsourcing as ‘an arrangement between Square Canada and a vendor
(whether intra-group, or an external third party) by which the vendor performs a process, a
service or an activity, or parts thereof, that would otherwise be undertaken by Square Canada,
even if Square Canada has not performed that process, service or activity in the past’. Not all
activities will be Outsourcing (an analysis will be required on a case-by-case basis). This Policy
describes Square Canada’s minimum requirements to manage the risks arising from outsourcing
activities, both from external third parties and within Block.
Implementation of the standards laid out in this Policy will ensure that Square Canada has a
robust policy to ensure the following:
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● That Square Canada remains fully responsible for all outsourced activities;
● That a risk management framework is embedded which allows for sufficient oversight
of the outsourced activities;
● That the impact of any Third Party Arrangement is fully considered and understood;
and that Square Canada retains the competence and ability to assess the TPSPs
performance;
● That all Third Party Arrangements are formalised in a contract between Square Canada
and the TPSP, that sets out all respective roles, responsibilities, rights, and obligations
and meets the requirements set out in this Policy;
● That the TPSP has adequate risk management and internal control systems in place,
and that Square Canada incorporates the oversight of outsourced functions and
activities into its own risk management framework;
● That the TPSP has sufficient resources in place in terms of quality, quantity, and
availability to perform the outsourced functions and activities;
● That the TPSP is compliant with relevant confidentiality and sensitive data provisions
and has adequate contingency arrangements in place;
● That Square Canada notify necessary stakeholders and relevant authorities, such as
Bank of Canada in a timely manner and in line with regulatory notification
requirements of any major operational or security incidents;
● That Square Canada notifies the Bank of Canada in a timely manner and in line with
regulatory notification requirements of any critical functions or activities to be
outsourced;
● That Square Canada has full access to perform audit and/or assurance of the TPSP and
the TPSP will be fully cooperative with this audit/assurance review;
● That where full contractual risk controls cannot be implemented, due to the use of
standardized agreements or limitations in existing contracts, Square Canada will rely
on compensating controls such as enhanced monitoring, alternative reporting
mechanisms, or termination and contingency planning; and
● That the outsourcing of critical functions and activities does not undermine the
continuous and satisfactory service to Square Canada customers and stakeholders.
4.2 Intra-Group Arrangements
Outsourcing services provided by Block entities to Square Canada also fall in scope of this Policy
(“Intra-Group Outsourcing”). The Block service provider will be regarded as a TPSP for the purpose of
this Policy. Square Canada applies the same requirements to Intra-group Outsourcing as to Third
Party Arrangements with external third parties. Square Canada recognises that Intra-group Third
Party Arrangements can present unique risks. For Intra-group Outsourcing, Square Canada shall
ensure that the arrangement is organised on an ‘arm’s length’ basis. The selection of the intra-group
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
entity must be based on objective reasons, any conflicts of interest inherent in the Third Party
Arrangement must be identified and managed in line with the Conflicts of Interest Policy, and the
arrangement must not impair Square Canada’s ability to comply with its regulatory obligations.
Square Canada shall ensure that it is in a position to exert sufficient influence on the intra-group
arrangements and that any necessary remediation of outsourced services, processes, or activities
that impacts on Square Canada are given appropriate prioritisation by Block.
4.3 Sub-Outsourced Services
Sub-outsourcing occurs when an TPSP engaged by Square Canada has themselves further
outsourced the relevant process, service or activity, or parts thereof to another TPSP. Intra-Group
Outsourcing can often involve sub-Outsourcing.
The TPSP must undertake appropriate due diligence (at a minimum aligned with the standards as
set out in this Policy) on its sub-TPSPs, to ensure that Third Party Arrangements are delivered in line
with the Outsourcing Contract between Square Canada and the TPSP. The TPSP must also maintain
information (e.g. reporting on compliance with SLAs and KPIs, information on any compliance
monitoring / audit reviews, breach logs, etc) on the Sub-outsourcing arrangement which is necessary
for Square Canada to maintain effective oversight of these arrangements. The TPORM, with support
from TPDC and Service Recipient must ensure that the Outsourcing Register and relevant due
diligence contains sufficient information relating to the Sub-Outsourcing Arrangement (as described
in the Outsourcing Register section of this Policy), and that these arrangements are subject to
adequate monitoring and oversight, consistent with the standards set out in this Policy and the
expectations of the Bank of Canada under RPAA. In addition, TPSPs must notify Square Canada of
any material sub-outsourcing arrangements related to the services they perform for Square.
4.4. Third Party Assessments
4.4.1. Criticality Assessment
Not all vendor relationships will be regarded as outsourcing, and require a case-by-case analysis. In
order for Square Canada to manage outsourcing risk effectively, it is necessary to identify outsourced
services (from non-outsourced services) and determine the criticality and importance (henceforth
“criticality” or “critical”) of those arrangements.
To identify outsourced services and determine the criticality of any arrangement, Square Canada has
developed an ‘Outsourcing and Criticality Assessment Tool’. This tool is completed for any
prospective outsourced arrangement at the initial onboarding stage and periodically (for outsourced
services). When assessing the criticality of a Third Party Arrangement, Square Canada views the
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
outsourcing of these services to be of such importance that any failure or weakness with the service
provision, would have a significant impact on Square Canada’s retail payment activities, continuing
business operations and/or adherence to its regulatory obligations.
The service recipient must complete an outsourcing and criticality assessment, as requested by the
TPORM, and submit this for review and approval when:
1. Entering into a Third Party Arrangement;
2. The scheduled annual review of critical outsourced arrangements occurs;
3. Square Canada plans to make a substantive change to their use of a particular Third Party
Arrangement e.g. where Square Canada plans to scale up use or dependency on an TPSP;
4. There is a change in service provision including changes to sub-outsourced providers.
The outcome of the criticality assessment will determine the measures that are applied to each
Outsourcing Arrangement.
4.4.2 Due Diligence
Before engaging any third party, Square conducts a comprehensive due diligence review to assess
the provider’s capability, regulatory compliance framework, and risk controls. The due diligence
evaluates both qualitative and quantitative factors, including business reputation, experience,
regulatory compliance, cybersecurity frameworks, subcontracting practices, and operational and
data security risk frameworks.
Due diligence must be completed before contracting and must be refreshed periodically
throughout the lifecycle of the arrangement, particularly for TPSPs deemed critical and/or impacts
the provision, availability and performance of Square Canada retail payment activities. All due
diligence findings are documented and reviewed by the Compliance, Legal and Risk DRIs, and any
issues are escalated to the GRC Committee as appropriate. International third parties and TPSPs are
subject to enhanced due diligence that considers jurisdictional risks.
4.4.3 Risk Assessment
Square Canada recognizes that in order to effectively monitor, manage and mitigate Third Party
risks, it must implement a robust TPRM framework from the point an activity is proposed to be
performed by a third party vendor or a Square Canada affiliate, and continues throughout the
lifecycle of the arrangement.
Particularly for all TPSPs, Square Canada must maintain an accurate view of risks associated with
each TPSP Arrangement, including appropriate due diligence on TPSPs at onboarding and periodic
reviews throughout the lifecycle of the relationship.
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Square Canada will maintain a TPSP Register that captures key risk information about each TPSP,
including its risk profile, control framework, ongoing performance and inherent risks associated with
the services provided. This Register serves as a central mechanism for maintaining oversight and
informing Square Canada’s risk-based decisions regarding TPSP arrangements.
4.4.4 Business Continuity
Business Continuity Management (“BCM”) is a fundamental component of the appropriate
management of outsourcing risk. For all Third Party Arrangements, the due diligence completed on
the TPSP must include an assessment of the BCP arrangements, and this must be reviewed on a
periodic basis. Square Canada must complete testing of BCP arrangements for critical Third Party
Arrangements on a periodic basis.
4.4.5 Operational Resilience
Entering into an Outsourcing Arrangement creates a dependency on a third party for the resilience
of Square Canada. Sub-Outsourcing can further complicate the effective management of critical or
important activities. Square Canada’s critical or important business services should be able to remain
within impact tolerances, including when they rely on TPSPs. In addition, due diligence of an TPSP’s
Operational Resilience conditions form part of Outsourcing due diligence. The Outsourcing
Agreements which are put in place should detail how critical or important services will be
maintained during a disruption and include an Exit strategy to be applied if/when the service cannot
be maintained.
4.5. Notify, Contract and Register
4.5.1 Outsourcing Agreement
All Third Party Arrangements must be covered by an Outsourcing Contract. It is the responsibility of
the Service Recipient and Third Party Delivery Manager (with support and guidance from
Procurement, Legal and the Third Party Risk Manager) to ensure that an Outsourcing Contract is in
place prior to any new Outsourcing Arrangement being undertaken. The Outsourcing Contract must
clearly state the rights and obligations of the parties, and must be reviewed by Legal, and signed by
an authorised signatory in accordance with the Block, Inc. Global Signature and Delegation of
Authority Policy.
The Service Recipient and Third Party Delivery Manager will be primarily responsible for monitoring
the TPSPs adherence to the terms of these contracts. All Square Canada Outsourcing Contracts
must include the Outsourcing Annex which is designed to ensure that the provisions set out in
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
relevant regulatory guidance including those in relation to termination, access, information and
audit rights are captured in all Outsourcing Contracts.
Square Canada will review and, where necessary, update Outsourcing Contracts in the following
circumstances:
● Periodic reviews in line with the requirements contained in this Policy and further
detailed in the Square Canada Outsourcing Procedure;
● Material changes to the nature or extent of the arrangement with TPSP; and
● Any regulatory changes that occur that could impact the contract.
The Service Recipient is responsible for scheduling reviews of all Outsourcing Contracts, and for
ensuring that these reviews are conducted, including ensuring that renewals of Outsourcing
Contracts are conducted in a timely manner to ensure smooth transitions or continuity of service.
4.5.2 Outsourcing Register
Square Canada has developed a Third Party Register to be used. The Third Party Risk Manager
maintains this Outsourcing Register, which forms part of Square Canada’s Third Party Register.
The Outsourcing Register must be available to the Bank of Canada on request.
4.5.3 Regulatory Notification (if required)
Square Canada is required to make available to the Bank of Canada all information necessary to
enable the Bank of Canada to execute the effective supervision of Square Canada, including,
where required, a copy of any relevant Outsourcing Agreement(s) entered into by Square
Canada.
Square Canada is also required to notify the Bank of Canada of changes in its Critical Third Party
Arrangements through Significant Change Reporting and with information as requested, and
therefore all documentation referenced in this Policy must be stored in such a manner that it is
available on demand if requested.
Square Canada must report to the Bank of Canada should material events occur in relation to
Square Canada’s Third Party Arrangements. Square Canada will inform the Bank of Canada when
the following occurs:
● Matters/events giving rise to a significant change to the outsourcing aspects of Square
Canada’s business model;
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● When a material event occurs, which affects the provision of critical Third Party
Arrangements by an TPSP; and
● When material breaches of contractual arrangements or SLAs arise which affects Square
Canada in the conduct of its regulated services or adversely affects Square Canada’s
customers.
It is the responsibility of the Head of IRO to identify these issues, and for Legal and the CRO to
determine whether a notification to the Bank of Canada is required.
4.6 Conflicts of Interest
Square Canada has a Conflicts of Interest Policy in place. This policy sets out the measures within
Square Canada to identify, assess, and manage any actual or potential conflicts of interest that may
arise as a result of its Third Party Arrangements. Conflicts of interest inherent in Third Party
Arrangements are, in part, managed through having outsourcing contracts in place and
documented SLAs that are subject to ongoing monitoring and reporting. Where conflicts of interest
are identified in relation to an Outsourcing Arrangement, they must be managed in line with the
requirements in the Conflicts of Interest Policy, including by logging the conflict on the conflicts
register. On an annual basis, the Conflicts of Interest pertaining to Third Party Arrangements will be
reviewed to look at any measures taken to resolve or manage conflicts of interest (if any). If Square
Canada determines that it is not able to adequately mitigate the identified conflict, the Outsourcing
Arrangement must be declined/terminated. Please see the Square Canada Conflicts of Interest
Policy for more details on management of conflicts.
4.7 Training
Square Canada must ensure that all Staff, senior management and the Board have sufficient
knowledge and understanding of Outsourcing and the associated risks. The TPORM, with oversight
from the Head of IRO, is responsible for the development and delivery of a risk-based outsourcing
training program within Square Canada. At a minimum, Square Canada shall provide
tailored/specific training to the employees and departments based on their involvement in
outsourcing processes, and will provide refresher training on an annual basis. All members of the
Board of Directors will also receive outsourcing training on an annual basis.
4.8 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 17

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.8.1 Ongoing Monitoring
Square Canada must have in place appropriate mechanisms to oversee, monitor and assess the
appropriateness and performance of its Third Party Arrangements. Each Outsourcing Arrangement
is different and the appropriate measures to be applied will vary based on the details of each
arrangement.
Square Canada must conduct due diligence on TPSPs prior to entering into the Outsourcing
Arrangement, as well as on a periodic basis. The frequency of the due diligence reviews depend on
the risks and criticality associated with the services. Critical services will be reviewed more frequently
than low risk services.
The Head of IRO must ensure that Square Canada maintains adequate and risk-based monitoring of
Third Party Arrangements. On a day-to-day basis, the Service Recipient and Third Party Delivery
Manager will be primarily responsible for facilitating this monitoring, with oversight and challenge
coming from Second Line of Defence and Third Line of Defence.
Should ongoing monitoring activity identify instances in which an TPSP is not delivering the
Outsourced Arrangement in line with Square Canada requirements or the Outsourcing Contract, the
Service Recipient in consultation with the TPDC, TPORM, Head of IRO and Legal is responsible for
taking any steps necessary. This may include liaising with the TPSP on an action plan to remediate
identified issues, escalating this to a relevant Square Canada governance committee (up to and
including the Square Canada Board), or activating the termination clause in the Outsourcing
Contract.
Outside of the annual reviews, the Outsourcing Recipient is required to advise the TPORM should
there be a proposed change in the nature of the outsourced arrangement. The Service Recipient
must ensure that all relevant detail pertaining to the change in arrangement is provided to the
TPORM, to give the TPORM enough time to facilitate and oversee a reassessment of the service and
any additional due diligence and any notifications required to the regulator.
4.8.2 Incident Breach Reporting Structure
For all Third Party Arrangements, Square Canada must be informed by the TPSP where outsourcing
incidents have occurred. Where identified, incidents and breaches must be discussed at the OOC
and at the RGC where required. Square Canada have defined what constitutes a material
event/breach in its Incident Severity Definitions and Thresholds (go/sevlevels) procedure. Square
Canada maintains an incident register that tracks all incidents (including outsourcing incidents),
which contains information such as dates of when the incident occurred and specific steps to resolve
these incidents.
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 18

Confidential and Not for Distribution
In addition to the above, Square Canada has a Customer Impacting Error Handling Framework
Overview, a Customer Impacting Error Handling Procedure, and a Consumer Impacting Error
Reporting Procedure in place, which relate to incidents that have a customer impact. These
procedures outline details of the incident reporting requirements to senior management and to the
Regulator.
4.8.3 Reporting Management Information to management/Board
Square Canada should ensure that appropriate management information (“MI”) is provided to
Management Committees and the Board, which includes sufficient detail to enable those bodies to
challenge the establishment and oversight of Outsourcing, and to enable key decision makers,
including the [Senior Officer/CRO] to make informed decisions. The Head of IRO is responsible for
overseeing the production of relevant management information on the nature of and outcomes
from ongoing monitoring of Third Party Arrangements, and providing this to the respective bodies.
5. Non-Compliance
Non-Compliance with this Policy, whether negligent or intentional, will be taken seriously. Failure to
report any knowledge or suspicion of malpractice, wrongdoing or impropriety at work may
constitute misconduct. Any Staff Member who has concerns that the requirements under this Policy
are not being met are encouraged to ‘speak up’ by raising an issue with their line manager or
following the reporting procedures set out in the Code of Conduct.
5.1 Exceptions
Exceptions to this Policy must be pre-approved by the CCO. Staff members may submit exception
requests for review at go/policyhelp. Exemptions should be narrow in scope and clearly identify the
specific requirement, geography, and business group or stakeholders covered by the exemption. A
record of all exemptions applied for, and granted, must be maintained by the TPORM.
6. Document Management
6.1 Document Owner
This Policy is owned by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The CRO is responsible for the establishment
and implementation of the Outsourcing Policy requirements. They ensure at a minimum that this
policy is reviewed bi-annually, to ensure it continues to align with Square Canada’s outsourcing
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 19

Confidential and Not for Distribution
strategy, control framework, and the regulatory environment. Any updates to the Policy will need to
be approved by the CRO.
6.2 Review and Approval
This Policy will be approved and reviewed by the Board, at least annually. The Square Canada
Board is responsible for ensuring adequate oversight of all Third Party Arrangements. All Third
Party Arrangements are required to meet the standards set out in this Policy.
7. Record Retention
Records related to compliance with this policy -including, but not limited to, due diligence on
TPSPs, criticality assessments, and risk assessments - must be stored in a manner that ensures
prompt availability for review and retained in accordance with Square Canada’s record retention
practices. Measures must also be in place to prevent unauthorized deletion, destruction, or
amendment of these records, in alignment with RPAA requirements.
8. Revision and Approval History
over Title Type Description Dat
Department Stakeholder Title Approval Approval Comments
Name Date
(Approver) (copy and
✓
paste )
Enterprise Toni Kuyi… Chief Risk Officer, ✓ Jun 13, 2025
Risk Square Canada
Compliance Jeff White Chief Compliance ✓ Jun 12, 2025
Officer, Square
Canada
Compliance Safiya A… Head of Canada ✓ Jul 10, 2025
Compliance -
(Square, Cash &
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 20

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Afterpay)
Legal Saleha Ali Head of Legal, ✓ Jun 4, 2025 Approved
Square Canada pending
resolution of final
comments
IRO Liz Sams… Head of Industry ✓ Jul 9, 2025
Relations and
Operations, Square
Canada
TPRM Paulo Va… Global Lead, Third ✓ Jul 30, 2025
Party Risk
Management
SQ CA Person SQ CA Board of ✓ Sep 8, 2025
Board of Directors
Directors
9. Document Details
Business Square
Scope Regional - Canada
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Chief Risk Officer, Canada
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 21

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Last Approval Date September 8, 2025
Effective Date September 8, 2025
Approved By Chief Risk Officer, Canada
Document Review Schedule Annual
Third Party Risk Management Policy | Square | Square Canada Inc. 22