Outsourcing Policy
Squareup Europe Limited
Approved: September 29, 2025
Effective Date: September 29, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Outsourcing Policy is established by Squareup Europe Limited
(“SELˮ). SEL is an authorised Electronic Money Institution, regulated and supervised by the
Financial Conduct Authority (“FCAˮ) under Firm Reference Number 900846. The direct parent
company is Squareup International Limited (“SILˮ), registered in the Republic of Ireland; both SEL
and SIL are wholly owned subsidiaries of Block, Inc (“Blockˮ). Block Inc. a Delaware corporation,
and a merchant services aggregator and mobile payments company based in San Francisco,
California in the United States of America. It is registered as a Money Services Business with the
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCENˮ).
Outsourcing involves the use of a third party service provider in any number of operational
functions to perform ongoing activities that would normally be undertaken by SEL personnel.
Outsourcing Arrangements generate risks for SEL. These risks must be identified and relevant
controls applied prior to SEL entering into the arrangement, and these risks must be effectively
managed throughout the outsourcing lifecycle. The purpose of this Policy (“the Policyˮ, “this
Policyˮ) is to document SELʼs approach to doing this, aligned with applicable legal and regulatory
requirements and relevant supervisory guidance.
As a member of the Block Inc. Group, SEL is subject to the Third Party Risk Management Policy,
which ensures that all third party vendors are reviewed and assessed in accordance with such
policy at the Block level. This Policy should be read in conjunction with the Block Third Party Risk
Management Policy. Where there is a conflict between the Block Third Party Risk Management
Policy and this Policy, this Policy will prevail.
SELʼs Senior Management and the Board recognise that the delegation of activities under an
Outsourcing Arrangement does not result in any delegation of responsibility, and that ultimate
responsibility for outsourced processes, services, or activities remains with SEL management and
the SEL Board at all times.
The purpose of this Policy is to set out SELʼs approach to the planning, implementation, monitoring
and management of ‘Outsourcingʼ of activities by SEL to Outsourcing Service Providers (“OSPsˮ).

Scope: This Policy is established by SEL and is applicable to all SEL Outsourcing Arrangements
and SEL Staff Members.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Critical Activity Functions that are necessary to perform core business lines
or critical business functions, unless the institutionʼs
assessment establishes that a failure to provide the
outsourced function or the inappropriate provision of the
outsourced function would not have an adverse impact on
the operational continuity of the core business line or
critical business function1.
Intra-group Outsourcing Refers to an Outsourcing Arrangement between SEL and
any entity within Block.
Outsourcing Arrangement An arrangement between SEL and a vendor (whether
intra-group or an external third party) by which the service
provider performs a process, a service or an activity, or
parts thereof, that would otherwise be undertaken by SEL,
even if SEL has not performed that process, service or
activity in the past.
Outsourcing Framework/Program Any references to “Outsourcing Frameworkˮ or
“Outsourcing Programˮ refer to this Policy, the SEL
Outsourcing Procedures documents and the SEL
Outsourcing Strategy. The terms “Outsourcing Programˮ
and “Outsourcing Frameworkˮ are used interchangeably
across this document.
Outsourcing Risk Management Refers to the framework in place to identify, assess and
manage risks associated with Outsourcing Arrangements.
Outsourced Service Provider Are considered as a third-party entity that is undertaking
("OSP") an outsourced process, service or activity, or parts thereof,
under an outsourcing arrangement on behalf of SEL. The
term refers to both external third party service providers
and intra/inter group service providers.
Outsourcing Register The Outsourcing Register forms part of the ‘Outsourcing
and Third Party Registerʼ and contains details of all
outsourced processes, services, or activities. This register
is maintained by the Third Party and Outsourcing Risk
Manager.
1 EBA Guidelines on Outsourcing Arrangements, Section 4

Terminology Definition
Service Recipient An individual at SEL that is responsible for the delivery of
the process, service, or activity and the performance of the
OSP.
Sub-outsourcing Sub-outsourcing occurs when an OSP engaged by SEL has
themselves further outsourced the relevant process,
service or activity, or parts thereof to another OSP. For the
avoidance of doubt, this includes where SEL has an
intra-group Outsourcing Arrangement with another Block
entity and that Block entity has sub-outsourced to any
other individual or entity.
Staff Member(s) or Staff All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers
who support the operations and/or subsidiaries covered
by this Policy, and include interns, temporary workers,
consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and
contractors.
An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labour,
contractors) hired by Squareup Europe Limited who
supports the operations covered by this Policy.
2. Policy/Program Requirements
2.1 What is Outsourcing?
SEL defines a vendor relationship as ‘an arrangement between SEL and any other individual or entity
that provides products or services to SEL via an ongoing relationshipʼ. Vendor arrangements can be
either ‘Outsourcingʼ or ‘Non-Outsourcingʼ arrangements, and vendors can be either external third
parties or other Block Inc. entities.
SEL defines outsourcing as ‘an arrangement between SEL and a vendor (whether intra-group, or an
external third party) by which the vendor performs a process, a service or an activity, or parts thereof,
that would otherwise be undertaken by SEL, even if SEL has not performed that process, service or
activity in the pastʼ. Not all activities will be Outsourcing (an analysis will be required on a
case-by-case basis).
This Policy describes SELʼs minimum requirements to manage the risks arising from outsourcing
activities, both to external third parties and within Block. Implementation of the standards laid out in
this Policy will ensure that SEL has a robust framework to ensure the following:
● That the SEL Board remains fully responsible for all outsourced activities;

● That a risk management and internal control framework is embedded which allows for
sufficient oversight of the outsourced activities;
● That the impact of any Outsourcing Arrangement is fully considered and understood; and
that SEL retains the competence and ability to assess the OSPs performance;
● That all Outsourcing Arrangements are formalised in an outsourcing contract between SEL
and the OSP, that sets out all respective roles, responsibilities, rights, and obligations and
meets the requirements set out in this Policy;
● That the OSP has adequate risk management and internal control systems in place, and
that SEL incorporates the oversight of outsourced functions and activities into its own risk
management framework;
● That the OSP has sufficient resources in place in terms of quality, quantity, and availability
to perform the outsourced functions and activities;
● That the OSP is compliant with relevant confidentiality and sensitive data provisions and
has adequate contingency arrangements in place;
● That SEL notify the competent authority, the FCA, in a timely manner and in line with
regulatory notification requirements of any major operational or security incidents;
● That SEL notifies the FCA in a timely manner and in line with regulatory notification
requirements of any critical functions or activities to be outsourced;
● That SEL has full access to perform audit and/or assurance of the OSP and the OSP will be
fully cooperative with this audit / assurance review; andUK
● That the outsourcing of critical functions and activities does not undermine the continuous
and satisfactory service to SEL stakeholders.
2.2 Intra-Group Arrangements
Outsourcing services provided by Block entities to SEL also fall in scope of this Policy
(“Intra-Group Outsourcingˮ). The Block service provider will be regarded as an OSP for the
purpose of this Policy. SEL applies the same requirements to Intra-group Outsourcing as to
Outsourcing Arrangements with external third parties. SEL recognises that Intra-group Outsourcing
Arrangements can present unique risks.
For Intra-group Outsourcing, SEL shall ensure that the arrangement is organised on an ‘armʼs
lengthʼ basis. The selection of the intra-group entity must be based on objective reasons, any
conflicts of interest inherent in the Outsourcing Arrangement must be identified and managed in
line with the Conflicts of Interest Policy, and the arrangement must not impair SELʼs ability to
comply with its regulatory obligations.
SEL shall ensure that it is in a position to exert sufficient influence on the intra-group arrangements
and that any necessary remediation of outsourced services, processes, or activities that impacts
on SEL are given appropriate prioritisation by Block.
2.3 Outsourcing to Third Countries
SELʼs approach to outsourcing is governed by a principle of consistency, ensuring that all
outsourcing arrangements, regardless of the geographic location of the OSP, are subject to the
same rigorous governance framework. SEL does not differentiate its due diligence, risk
assessment, and ongoing monitoring standards based on whether an OSP is located within the UK
or in a third country.

2.4 Sub-Outsourced Services
Sub-outsourcing occurs when an OSP engaged by SEL has themselves further outsourced the
relevant process, service or activity, or parts thereof to another OSP. Intra-Group Outsourcing can
often involve sub-Outsourcing.
The OSP must undertake appropriate due diligence (at a minimum aligned with the standards as
set out in this Policy) on its sub-OSPs, to ensure that Outsourcing Arrangements are delivered in
line with the Outsourcing Contract between SEL and the OSP. The OSP must also maintain
information (e.g. reporting on compliance with SLAs and KPIs, information on any compliance
monitoring/audit reviews, breach logs, etc) on the Sub-outsourcing arrangement which is
necessary for SEL to maintain effective oversight of these arrangements. The TPORM, with
support from TPDC and Service Recipient must ensure that the Outsourcing Register and relevant
due diligence contains sufficient information relating to the Sub-Outsourcing Arrangement (as
described in the Outsourcing Register section of this Policy), and that these arrangements are
subject to adequate monitoring and oversight.
2.5 Outsourcing Assessment
Not all vendor relationships will be regarded as outsourcing, and require a case-by-case analysis.
In order for SEL to manage outsourcing risk effectively, it is necessary to identify outsourced
services (from non outsourced services) and determine their criticality and importance (henceforth
“criticalityˮ or “criticalˮ) of those arrangements.
Outsourcing has three key components.
To identify outsourced services and determine the criticality of any arrangement, SEL has
developed an ‘Outsourcing and Criticality Assessment Toolʼ. This tool is completed for any
prospective outsourced arrangement at the initial onboarding stage and periodically (for
outsourced services). When assessing the criticality of an Outsourced Arrangement, SEL views the
outsourcing of these services to be of such importance that any failure or weakness with the
service provision, would have a significant impact on SELʼs continuing business operations and/or
adherence to its regulatory obligations.
The service recipient must complete an outsourcing and criticality assessment, as requested by
the TPORM and submit this for review and approval when;
1. Entering into an Outsourcing Arrangement;
2. The scheduled annual review of critical outsourced arrangements occurs;

3. SEL plans to make a substantive change to their use of a particular Outsourcing
Arrangement e.g., where SEL plans to scale up use or dependency on an OSP;
4. There is a change in service provision including changes to sub outsourced providers.
The outcome of the criticality assessment will determine the measures that are applied to each
Outsourcing Arrangement.
2.6 Due Diligence and Risk Assessment
2.6.1 Outsourcing Strategy
Outsourcing certain activities allows SEL to focus on strategic issues and the delivery of
value-added services to its clients. SEL has prepared an Outsourcing Strategy which sets out its
appetite to engage in Outsourcing Arrangements.
2.5.2 Risk Assessment and Management
SEL recognises that in order to effectively monitor, manage and mitigate outsourcing risks, it must
implement a robust outsourcing risk management framework and apply this throughout the
lifecycle of the Outsourcing Arrangement. From the point at which the activity is proposed to be
outsourced, through to business as usual and potentially exiting the arrangement, SEL must
maintain an accurate view of risks associated with Outsourcing Arrangements, including via
appropriate due diligence on OSPs.
SEL uses Blockʼs Third Party Risk Management platform, Thinksmart, to identify, measure and
assess inherent risks associated with Outsourced Arrangements with external third parties. SEL
must initiate a risk assessment and due diligence, prior to entering into any new service
arrangement or any changes to existing arrangements, and periodically during the lifetime of the
relationship. Risk assessment methodologies must, at a minimum, take into account the below
outlined risks:
● Cyber-risks;
● Operational risks;
● Financial risks;
● Sub-outsourcing risks;
● Sensitive-data risks;
● Concentration risks;
● Offshoring risks;
● Step-in risk;
● Business continuity risks;
● Legal, regulatory and reputational risks; and
● Any specific risks associated with outsourcing to the cloud.
The output of any critical risk assessment, once completed, is sent to the OOC, highlighting any
significant risks or issues from the due diligence process.
● The Service Recipient must initiate a re-assessment for all Outsourcing Arrangements in
the following circumstances:

● Periodic scheduled reviews, as described in the Ongoing Monitoring section of this Policy;
● Material changes in the nature or extent of the Outsourcing Arrangement with the OSP;
● Where an organisational change occurs at an OSP or sub-OSP, including but not limited to
a change of ownership or financial position;
● Identification of deficiencies in the provision of the Outsourcing Arrangement by the OSP,
or notification of any significant breaches of the outsourcing contract, or other substantive
issues that may impact SELʼs regulatory or customer obligations on the part of the OSP. If
such an event occurs, it must be escalated in the first instance to the Third Party Delivery
Manager, who is responsible for determining additional escalation requirements including
to the COO or the RGC.
2.6.3 Due Diligence
SEL must perform due diligence in respect of all OSPs before entering into any Outsourcing
Arrangement, and periodically throughout the relationship.
It is the responsibility of the Service Recipient, RSMEs and TPORM to ensure that adequate due
diligence is collected, assessed, and maintained in line with SELʼs record keeping requirements for
all proposed Outsourcing Arrangements prior to formally entering into these Arrangements. The
depth and formality of the due diligence performed will vary depending on the scope, complexity
and importance of the planned Outsourcing engagement, SELʼs familiarity with the prospective
OSP and the reputation and industry standing of the OSP. When carrying out its due diligence SEL
shall consider the business background, reputation, strategy, financial performance, operations
and internal controls of the OSP.
2.6.4 Business Continuity
Business Continuity Management (“BCMˮ) is a fundamental component of the appropriate
management of outsourcing risk. For all Outsourcing Arrangements, the due diligence completed
on the OSP must include an assessment of the Business Continuity Plan (“BCPˮ) arrangements,
and this must be reviewed on a periodic basis. SEL must complete testing of BCP arrangements for
critical Outsourcing Arrangements on a periodic basis.
2.6.5 Operational Resilience
Entering into an Outsourcing Arrangement creates a dependency on a third party for the resilience
of SEL. Sub-Outsourcing can further complicate the effective management of critical or important
activities.
SELʼs important business services should be able to remain within impact tolerances, including
when they rely on OSPs. In addition, due diligence of an OSPʼs Operational Resilience conditions
form part of Outsourcing due diligence. The Outsourcing Agreements which are put in place
should detail how important business services will be maintained during a disruption and include
an Exit strategy to be applied if/when the service cannot be maintained.
2.6.6 Exit Strategies
Exit plans play an important part of any third party arrangement. The exit plan provides guidance
and a strategy for the business when it is deemed necessary to move away from an existing

vendor relationship (for example, as a result of a significant disruption or failure to service delivery;
or material risks arising with the continuation of the service).
The business also has a regulatory obligation to ensure documented exit plans are in place for
each of its critical and important functions and/or important business services. Furthermore, exit
plans provide the following benefits to the business and in turn help to protect the business from
operational failure:
● Business and service continuity
● Protection of data and assets
● Mitigation of risk
● Strategic direction
● Cost savings
2.7 Notify, Contract and Register
2.7.1 Outsourcing Agreement
All Outsourcing Arrangements must be covered by an Outsourcing Contract. It is the responsibility
of the Service Recipient (with support and guidance from Procurement, Legal and the Third Party
and Outsourcing Risk Manager) to ensure that an Outsourcing Contract is in place prior to any new
Outsourcing Arrangement being undertaken. The Outsourcing Contract must clearly state the
rights and obligations of the parties, and must be reviewed by Legal, and signed by an authorised
signatory in accordance with the Block, Inc. Global Signature and Delegation of Authority Policy.
The Service Recipient and Third Party Delivery Manager will be primarily responsible for
monitoring the OSPs adherence to the terms of these contracts with support from the Third Party
and Outsourcing Risk Manager and the Third Party Delivery Coordinator. All SEL Outsourcing
Contracts must include the Outsourcing Annex which is designed to ensure that the provisions set
out in relevant regulatory guidance including those in relation to termination, access, information
and audit rights are captured in all Outsourcing Contracts. Additionally, the outsourcing of all
intragroup services is addressed under the Global Outsourcing Services Agreement (“GOSAˮ).
SEL will review and, where necessary, update Outsourcing Contracts in the following
circumstances:
● Periodic reviews in line with the requirements contained in this Policy and further detailed
in the SEL Outsourcing Procedure;
● Material changes to the nature or extent of the arrangement with OSP; and
● Any regulatory changes that occur that could impact the contract.
The Service Recipient is responsible for scheduling reviews of all Outsourcing Contracts, and for
ensuring that these reviews are conducted, including ensuring that renewals of Outsourcing
Contracts are conducted in a timely manner to ensure smooth transitions or continuity of service.

2.7.2 Outsourcing Register
The Third Party & Outsourcing Risk Manager maintains the SELʼs Outsourcing and Third Party
Register. The Register must be available to the FCA on request.
2.7.3 Regulatory Notification (if required)
SEL is required to make available to the FCA all information necessary to enable the FCA to
execute the effective supervision of SEL, including where required, a copy of any relevant
Outsourcing Agreement(s) entered into by SEL.
SEL is also required to notify the FCA of changes in its Critical Outsourcing Arrangements and with
information as requested, and therefore all documentation referenced in this Policy must be stored
in such a manner that it is available on demand if requested.
SEL must report to the FCA should material events occur in relation to SELʼs Critical Outsourcing
Arrangements. SEL will inform the FCA when the following occurs:
● Matters/events giving rise to a significant change to the outsourcing aspects of SELʼs
business model;
● When a material event occurs, which affects the provision of critical Outsourcing
Arrangements by an OSP; and
● When material breaches of contractual arrangements or SLAs arise which affects SEL in
the conduct of its regulated services or adversely affects SELʼs customers.
It is the responsibility of the COO to identify these issues, and the Head of Compliance to
determine whether a notification to the FCA is required.
2.8 Conflicts of Interest
SEL has a Conflicts of Interest Policy in place. This policy sets out the measures within SEL to
identify, assess, and manage any actual or potential conflicts of interest that may arise as a result
of its Outsourcing Arrangements. Conflicts of interest inherent in Outsourcing Arrangements are, in
part, managed through having outsourcing contracts in place and documented SLAs that are
subject to ongoing monitoring and reporting. Where conflicts of interest are identified in relation to
an Outsourcing Arrangement, they must be managed in line with the requirements in the Conflicts
of Interest Policy, including by logging the conflict on the conflicts register. On an annual basis, the
Conflicts of Interest pertaining to Outsourcing Arrangements will be reviewed to look at any
measures taken to resolve or manage conflicts of interest (if any). If SEL determines that it is not
able to adequately mitigate the identified conflict, the Outsourcing Arrangement must be
declined/terminated. Please see the SEL Conflicts of Interest Policy for more details on
management of conflicts.

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
SEL Governance Roles:
● Board of Directors ("the Board"): The Board of Directors of SEL (“the Boardˮ) has ultimate
responsibility for all aspects of outsourcing. The Board must ensure they have adequate
oversight and awareness of both current and proposed Outsourcing Arrangements, and the
appropriate skills and knowledge to provide effective oversight. The Board must ensure
that any Outsourcing Arrangement is in keeping with the overall business model and
strategic direction of the company, and that the framework is operating in line with
regulatory requirements.
● Regulatory Governance Committee ("RGC"): SEL has established a RGC. This Committee
ensures that the risk management measures adopted are risk-based and proportionate.
This Committee meets on a monthly basis and the RGC delegates specific outsourcing
responsibilities to the Outsourcing Oversight Committee, while still maintaining oversight.
Any key outsourcing issues will be reported to the RGC. It is the responsibility of the COO
to ensure that adequate risk-based management information relating to Outsourcing
Arrangements and the Outsourcing Framework, including the reporting of any outsourcing
control issues, breaches, or incidents, is provided to this Committee.
● Outsourcing Oversight Committee ("OOC"): SELʼs OOC reviews all new Outsourcing
Arrangements, and approves all critical arrangements and oversees the management and
performance of existing Outsourcing Arrangements. The Committee meets on a monthly
basis, and reports to the RGC, including to update the RGC on the results of outsourcing
assurance and monitoring activities, and to escalate any issues or incidents.
First Line of Defence Roles:
● Chief Operating Officer ("COO"): The COO is responsible for managing the risks
associated with SELʼs Outsourcing Arrangements and operating the controls to manage
these risks, although some of the day-to-day control activities will be delegated to the
Third Party and Outsourcing Risk Manager.
● Service Recipient: The Service Recipient is responsible for the day to day management of
the service received from the OSP throughout the lifetime of the relationship, ensuring the
effective delivery and performance of these services.
● Risk Subject Matter Experts ("RSMEs"):The Risk Subject Matter Experts are responsible
for conducting due diligence on SELʼs third parties at the onboarding stage and throughout
the lifecycle of the relationship to ensure an effective control environment is in place. They
provide subject matter expertise on their respective risk areas and support the Third Party
Risk Management Program and Outsourcing Program in evaluating and mitigating risk.
● Legal Function: The Legal Function is responsible for ensuring any outsourcing contracts
are legally binding, in keeping with relevant contract law, the standards as described in this
Policy, and SELʼs business model.

Second Line of Defence Roles:
● Chief Risk Officer ("CRO"): The CRO is responsible for providing Second Line of Defence
oversight and challenge of all Outsourcing Arrangements using a risk-based approach.
● Head of Compliance: The Head of Compliance is responsible for Second Line of
Defence review of regulatory obligations in respect of Outsourcing; and challenge of the
SEL Outsourced arrangements to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and
alignment with industry best practice.
● Third-Party and Outsourcing Risk Manager ("TPORM"): The Third-Party and Outsourcing
Risk Manager is responsible for leading the development and implementation of the
Outsourcing Program (policy, procedures and guidelines) in accordance with regulatory
requirements, working closely with first line business stakeholders, risk, compliance and
legal to ensure the requirements are met.
● Third Party Delivery Coordinator ("TPDC"): The Third Party Delivery Coordinator supports
the TPORM and is responsible for the day to day oversight and coordination of services
received from intra-group services and holistic oversight of all external Third Party Service
Providers (“TPSPsˮ) and OSPs.
Third Line of Defence Roles:
● Internal Audit: Internal Audit is responsible for applying a risk-based approach to ensuring
that an assessment of the effectiveness of the performance of Outsourcing Arrangements
(and the controls required to mitigate associated risks) will be considered as part of
Internal Audit planning..
● Third Parties:An independent third-party review representative is responsible for obtaining
satisfactory assurance regarding SELʼs Outsourcing. The individuals performing a
third-party review should have the necessary skills and expertise to conduct the review
effectively and to comprehensively assess and report on the outcomes.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
3.2.1 Ongoing Monitoring
SEL must have in place appropriate mechanisms to oversee, monitor and assess the
appropriateness and performance of its Outsourcing Arrangements. Each Outsourcing
Arrangement is different and the appropriate measures to be applied will vary based on the details
of each arrangement.
SEL must conduct due diligence on OSPs prior to entering into the Outsourcing Arrangement, as
well as on a periodic basis. The frequency of the due diligence reviews depend on the risks and
criticality associated with the services. Critical services will be reviewed more frequently than low
risk services
The COO must ensure that SEL maintains adequate and risk-based monitoring of Outsourcing
Arrangements. On a day-to-day basis, the Service Recipient is primarily responsible for facilitating

this monitoring, with oversight and challenge coming from Second Line of Defence (e.g. Third
Party and Outsourcing Risk Manager and Third Party Delivery Coordinator) and Third Line of
Defence (e.g. Internal Audit).
Should ongoing monitoring activity identify instances in which an OSP is not delivering the
Outsourced Arrangement in line with SEL requirements or the Outsourcing Contract, the Service
Recipient in consultation with the TPDC, TPORM, COO and Legal is responsible for taking any
steps necessary. This may include liaising with the OSP on an action plan to remediate identified
issues, escalating this to a relevant SEL governance committee (up to and including the SEL
Board), or activating the termination clause in the Outsourcing Contract.
Outside of the annual reviews, the Outsourcing Recipient is required to advise the TPORM should
there be a proposed change in the nature of the outsourced. The Service Recipient must ensure
that all relevant detail pertaining to the change in arrangement is provided to the TPORM, to give
the TPORM enough time to facilitate and oversee a reassessment of the service and any additional
due diligence and any notifications required to the regulator.
3.2.2 Incident Breach Reporting Structure
For all Outsourcing Arrangements, SEL must be informed by the OSP where outsourcing incidents
have occurred. Where identified, incidents and breaches must be discussed at the OOC and at the
RGC where required. SEL have defined what constitutes a material event/breach in its Incident
Severity Definitions and Thresholds (go/sevlevels) procedure. SEL maintains an incident register
that tracks all incidents (including outsourcing incidents), which contains information such as dates
of when the incident occurred and specific steps to resolve these incidents.
3.2.3 Reporting Management Information to Management / Board
SEL should ensure that appropriate management information is provided to the OOC, RGC and the
Board, which includes sufficient detail to enable those bodies to challenge the establishment and
oversight of Outsourcing, and to enable key decision makers to make informed decisions. The
COO is responsible for producing relevant management information on the nature of and outcomes
from ongoing monitoring of Outsourcing Arrangements, and providing this to the respective
bodies.
3.3 Training
SEL must ensure that all Staff, senior management and the Board have sufficient knowledge and
understanding of Outsourcing and the associated risks. The TPORM, with oversight from the COO,
is responsible for the development and delivery of a risk-based outsourcing training program
within SEL. At a minimum, SEL shall provide tailored/specific tailored training to the employees and
departments based on their involvement in outsourcing processes, and will provide refresher
training on an annual basis. All members of the Board of Directors will also receive outsourcing
training on an annual basis.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy

● Applicable regulatory requirements
Additionally, records related to compliance with this Policy, including but not limited to due
diligence completed on OSPs, criticality and risk assessments, must be stored in a manner in
which they can be made available to review promptly, and retained in line with SELʼs record
retention practices.
3.5 Non-Compliance
Non-Compliance with this Policy, whether negligent or intentional, will be taken seriously. Failure to
report any knowledge or suspicion of malpractice, wrongdoing or impropriety at work may
constitute misconduct.
Any Staff Member who has concerns that the requirements under this Policy are not being met are
encouraged to ‘speak upʼ by raising an issue with their line manager or following the reporting
procedures set out in the SEL Speak Up Policy.
3.6 Exceptions
Exceptions to this document must be pre-approved by the Head of Compliance Staff members
may submit exception requests for review at go/policyhelp. Exemptions should be narrow in scope
and clearly identify the specific requirement, geography, and business group or stakeholders
covered by the exemption. A record of all exemptions applied for, and granted, must be maintained
by the TPORM.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: This Policy is owned by the Head of Compliance. The Head of Compliance is
responsible for the establishment and implementation of the Outsourcing Policy requirements.
They ensure at a minimum that this Policy is reviewed annually, to ensure it continues to align with
SELʼs outsourcing strategy, control framework, and the regulatory environment. Any updates to the
Policy will need to be approved by the Head of Compliance. If there is a substantive change that
necessitates an update to this Policy outside of the annual review, these changes will be reviewed
and approved by the OOC.
For questions or clarifications about this Policy, please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● SEL Outsourcing Procedure
● Block, Inc Breach/Incident Policy
● SEL Conflict of Interest Policy
● SEL Speak Up Policy
● Block, Inc Enterprise Risk Management Program ERMP

● SEL Outsourcing and Third Party Register
● SEL Outsourcing Contract template
● SEL Outsourcing Risk Assessment Methodology
● SEL Outsourcing and Criticality Assessment Tool
● SEL Risk Register
● SEL Risk Appetite Statement RAS
● SEL Incident Severity Definitions and Thresholds
● SEL Outsourcing Strategy
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This policy will be approved and reviewed by the Board, at least annually.
The SEL Board is responsible for ensuring adequate oversight of all Outsourcing Arrangements. All
Outsourcing Arrangements are required to meet the standards set out in this Policy.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Elizabeth Henry EU Chief Creation June 22, 2023
Compliance
Officer
Squareup Europe Squareup Initial Approval July 2023
Limited Board of International
Directors Limited Q2'2023
Board Meeting
Elizabeth Henry EU Chief Scheduled Summarised Sep 3, 2024
Compliance Review roles and
Officer responsibilities
and moved the
Squareup Europe Board Approval Scheduled detail to the September 23,
Limited Board of Review Outsourcing 2024
Directors Procedure
Document
Ryan Goldstone Head of Scheduled Minor updates Sep 5, 2025
Compliance Review to the policy,
and transitioned
Squareup Europe Board Approval to new block September 29,
template
Limited Board of 2025
Directors

Document Details:
Business Squareup
Scope UK
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Head of Compliance
Approved By SEL Board of Directors
Document Tier Tier 2