Compliance Policy on
Policies
Block
February 2026
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions and Roles & Responsibilities 5
1. Introduction 9
2. Purpose 9
3. Scope 10
4. Policy Requirements 10
4.1 Goals for Effective Governance 10
4.2 Policy Governance Guiding Principles 10
4.3 Document Hierarchy 11
4.4 Conflict Checks with Existing Documents 11
4.5 Compliance Domains 13
4.6 Document Ownership Principles 13
5. Document Lifecycle 13
5.1 Identification (New Policies/Standards) 14
5.2 Creation (New Policies / Standards) 14
5.3 Revision/Review 14
5.4 Approval 15
5.5 Publishing & Storage 16
5.6 Policy Publication and Communication 17
5.7 Implementation 18
6. Scheduled Review / Maintenance 18
6.1 Scheduled Review / Off-Cycle Changes 18
6.2 Policy Review Date Extensions 20
6.3 Exception Handling 20
6.4 Record Retention 21
7. Retirement and Archival 21
8. Compliance Document Approval Matrix 21
9. Revision & Approval History 22
10. Document Details 24
Appendix - Quality Control Checklists and Tollgates 26
Appendix A- Policy Team Quality Control Checklist 26
Appendix B- Owner Guidance and Checklist 29
Appendix C- Style Guidelines and Checklist 32
Appendix D- Tollgates 36
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions and Roles and Responsibilities
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Compliance Document Owners and Approvers represent Compliance Teams and are
Team(s) (“CT”) responsible for reviewing, updating and approving the content of
documents at the minimum cadence specified in the Compliance
Document Approval Matrix, or as needed, based on business requirements.
They are responsible for initiating collaboration with the Policy Team at
Intake phase, owning content revisions and drafts during the Drafting and
Review phase, confirming alignment on QC feedback.
Compliance Compliance Domains include:
Domain(s) ● Compliance Governance;
● Compliance Engineering & Technology;
● Consumer Protection;
● Ethics & Employee Conduct; and
● Anti-Financial Crimes.
In-Scope Compliance Policy and Standards.
Document(s)
(“Document”) Note: Procedures are not subject to review by the Policy Team and therefore
are not considered in-scope Documents.
Exception Any deviations from requirements or processes dictated in a given
Document.
Immaterial Non-substantive changes to a Document’s content that does not impact
Changes requirements or guidance impacting the goals, principles, processes, or
directives. Immaterial Changes may consist of updating grammar,
formatting, correcting naming conventions, or updating links, among other
non-substantive changes.
Material Changes Substantive changes to a Document’s requirements or guidance impacting
the goals, principles, processes, or directives. Material changes include but
are not limited to:
● New requirements
● More restrictive requirements
● Expansion of scope
● Changes that materially impact business operations
● Changes that affect risk controls or regulatory compliance
Policy Policies are high level statements of management intent that formally
establish requirements to drive compliance and outline the goals, principles,
or directives of the Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”). Policies focus on
communicating binding compliance requirements and do not dictate
detailed steps. Policies are the overall guidelines for the organization.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Terminology Definition
Procedure Procedures change frequently and describe steps that implement a Policy or
process to comply with a regulation or standard. Procedures focus on a
process and desired outcome between multiple teams. Procedures exist to
standardize a process and provide guidance on timing and output.
Procedures are not considered an In-Scope Document for the purposes of
the Policy Team.
Standard Standards assist in decision-making and outline further business,
technology, risk or other processes, and controls outlined in overarching
policies. Standards may lay out the operational strategy and functions that
are performed to implement a Policy’s requirements. Standards may also
establish lifecycle stages, responsibilities, and any additional product,
business or market-specific requirements that go beyond what’s required in
an overarching Policy.
Staff An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired by
the Company who supports the operations covered by this Policy.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Compliance Policy The Policy Team is responsible for establishing, managing, and maintaining
and Mandatory the Policy Governance Standards and Compliance Document inventory.
Training Team Responsibilities include:
(“Policy Team”) ● Providing guidance and consultation in Document creation;
● Facilitating review and approval in conjunction with the Owner;
● Publishing and storage;
● Coordinating scheduled reviews in conjunction with the Owner;
● Intake of approved Exception requests;
● Reporting the status of the Policy program to Compliance Leadership;
● Retaining archived Documents and approvals;
● Completing a quality control review for all Documents; and
● Supports the Policy communication framework.
Compliance Policy The Domain Owner is a member of Compliance Leadership that is
Domain Owner responsible for the Global strategy for their Domain including:
(“Domain Owner”) ● Assessing documents against Global Policies or Standards and
providing advice as the SME for the Domain;
● Approving Documents, as needed;
● Understanding the Company’s current strategy for the Domain;
● Engaging on Policy governance escalations.
Note: Due to organizational structures, some domains may not have
designated owners, while others may have multiple owners as appropriate.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Role Responsibility
Policy / Standards The Owner is an individual responsible for ensuring that a Document makes
Owner (“Owner”) its way through the entire Document lifecycle. Responsibilities include:
● Identifying the need for potential new Documents and ideating;
● Creating initial version of Documents;
● Identifying reviewers and approvers;
● Planning and conducting awareness campaigns;
● Conducting scheduled reviews;
● Understanding the Company’s current state of Compliance with a
Document;
● Ensuring forward-looking requirements are accounted for in roadmap
planning and can be operationalized within a reasonable timeframe;
● Developing and tracking the execution of the implementation plan;
and
● Completing attestations to the Document’s content prior to
publication.
Policy / Standard An appropriate individual identified by the Owner to assume responsibility
Delegate for drafting the document and obtaining stakeholder reviews for the
(“Delegate”) Document. The Delegate is responsible for keeping the Owner informed of
key updates and changes and must obtain Owner review prior to submission
to Compliance Leadership or a Board or Committee for final approval, as
applicable.
Policy / Standard Stakeholder Reviewer is an individual or relevant group of individuals
Reviewer responsible for providing input and sign off on a Document for their
(“Stakeholder respective area(s). Stakeholder Reviewers are typically selected by the Owner
Reviewer”) or Delegate based on their subject matter expertise and may include Legal
Counsel.
Policy / Standard The Approver is an individual or relevant group of individuals, such as
Approver Compliance Leadership or a Committee or Board, responsible for providing
(“Approver”) review, feedback, and approval on a Document. Approvers are selected in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix. The Policy
Team will not publish Documents until all necessary approvals have been
provided.
Legal Counsel Legal Counsel provides guidance and interpretative advice and counsel
regarding Compliance Document requirements.
C-Core +1 or C-Core Members of Compliance Core (“C-Core”) or C-Core +1 that oversee and
(“Compliance provide final approval for Tier 3 Documents.
Leadership”) ● C-Core includes individuals who report directly to the Chief
Compliance Officer for Block Inc.
● C-Core +1 includes individuals who report directly to any member of
C-Core.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Role Responsibility
Block, Inc. Board The governing Block, Inc. Board that oversees and provides final approval for
(“Block Board”) applicable Tier 1 Documents.
US Subsidiary The governing US Subsidiary Boards that oversee and provide final approval
Boards (“US for applicable Tier 1 Documents.
Board(s)”)
International The governing International Subsidiary Boards that oversee and provide final
Subsidiary Boards approval for applicable Tier 1 international Documents.
(“International
Board”)
Compliance Policy The governing Compliance Policy Committee that oversees and provides
Committee approval for applicable Tier 1 and 2 Documents. The Committee is also kept
(“CPC”) informed of Tier 3 Documents, as needed.
Corporate Provides guidance and confirmation on the relevant board or committee of
Governance Block and its subsidiaries with appropriate oversight and approval authority
for Tier 1 Documents.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Compliance Policy on Policies (“PoP”) outlines Block, Inc.'s (“Block” or “Company”) commitment
to establishing oversight for documentation standards which includes Policies, Standards, and
Procedures. This PoP promotes a consistent framework for Compliance when developing
governance Documentation to mitigate risks related to accountability, regulations, or Company
guidelines.
2. Purpose
Compliance Documents tell customers, regulators, and the public, a story about how Block does
business. Block relies on Compliance Documents to establish requirements, strategies, and
instructions around key areas including customer protection, regulatory reporting, ethical practices,
and other key Compliance Domains. A comprehensive Compliance Document inventory serves not
only to demonstrate awareness of Block’s regulatory environment, but to inform Block’s everyday
decisions.
A Compliance Policy establishes requirements for Block to comply with applicable laws, regulations,
and rules relating to Block's products or services. The Compliance organization (“Compliance”) is
responsible for ensuring that Block’s Compliance Documents are tailored to meet governing
requirements and unique to the ways that Block does business. From Policies stem Standards and
Procedures that add additional guidance for implementing a Policy’s requirements.
As a regulated global firm, Block’s Compliance Documents may come under scrutiny from
numerous governing bodies, and when they do, they’re expected to be accurate, up-to-date, and
operationalized.
This PoP establishes the Document hierarchy and lifecycle of Compliance Policies, Standards, and
Procedures, as well as the roles and responsibilities for keeping Block’s Compliance Document
inventory reliable and compliant. This PoP also outlines additional practices for Document changes,
approvals, and retention.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
3. Scope
This PoP is established by Block and is applicable globally across all Block business lines, subsidiaries,
and jurisdiction. Specifically, this PoP is applicable to Compliance Documents. Compliance Staff are
responsible for creating documentation in accordance with the guidelines outlined in this PoP.
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Goals for Effective Governance
In order for Documents to be governed effectively, they must be:
● Current and reviewed on a regular basis;
● Readily available to all relevant and interested stakeholders in a timely manner;
● Drafted in plain language that is understandable by the intended audience;
● Developed using approved templates available at Go/Policy;
● Effectively communicated;
● Effectively monitored and reviewed to promote comprehension and Compliance with
requirements; and
● Where appropriate, aligned and incorporated into Block’s training programs.
4.2 Policy Governance Guiding Principles
● Hierarchy: Documents should follow a defined Document hierarchy.
● Inventory Structure: Block Documents should first be utilized, where possible. Subsidiary
or Compliance Team (“CT”) specific Documents may exist due to regulatory or partner
requirements.
● Conflict Management: Documents on similar topics should not conflict and
inconsistencies must be justified.
● Ownership and Delegation: Documents may be delegated from an Owner to a Delegate
who assume full ownership and accountability.
● Governance: Compliance Documents are managed by the Policy Team and must adhere
to PoP standards.
● Repository: Compliance Documents should be documented and organized in a policy
system of record (“SOR”) or a centrally owned website managed by the Policy Team.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.3 Document Hierarchy
Block’s Compliance Documents follow a Document hierarchy that includes Policies, Standards, and
Procedures, as described below. Each Compliance Document governed by this PoP is closely related
to other Compliance Documents within its Document hierarchy. As such, each Compliance
Document should include a reference to the related Documents to be referenced and read in
conjunction.
4.4 Conflict Checks with Existing Documents
Aligning Documents and reviewing for conflicts across Block and its subsidiaries allows for
consistency and clarity on applicable requirements and enables communication throughout the
Company. Wherever possible, Owners or Delegates must first attempt to use existing governance
Documents from any and all levels within Block or its subsidiaries. Block Policies should first be
utilized, where possible before creating subsidiary Policies. Policies and/or Standards on similar
topics should not conflict and any inconsistencies should be justified by business necessity or market
conditions. Subsidiary or CT specific Policies or Standards may exist if required by regulation or
partners requirements if coverage does not exist at the Block level.
Before the creation of new Documentation, Owners or Delegates must submit a new document
request form to the Policy Team and review Go/Policy and/or the SOR to identify any related
Documents that may already exist in the inventory. If there is a Document that covers substantially
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
the same scope, the Document Owner should review to determine if a new Document is actually
needed or if existing Documentation covers the required topics and requirements. If a Document
exists covering overall requirements, but the Document Owner determines further scope or
requirements need to be expanded on, the Owner should consider whether a Standards Document
is appropriate instead of creating an additional Policy which may have significant overlap with an
existing Policy.
If there are no existing related Documents or if an existing Document does not cover the correct
scope and Standards are not sufficient (e.g., due to partner requirements), the Document Owner can
continue with the creation of a new Policy or Standards, but should consult with the Policy Team to
confirm the approach. If a potential duplication or redundancy is identified and the Policy Team and
requestor can not come to a resolution, the Policy Team will obtain Compliance Leadership input to
resolve the request. When creating new Documents, the Owner or Delegate should ensure they are
aligning to existing Documents, where possible.
Application:
● Policies: A Policy will be at the Block-level level and globally applicable to govern all
Standards and Procedures within the subject matter Domain, unless the Policy is required
at the CT level, in cases where specific business or regulatory needs necessitate a
standalone policy. In such cases, a Policy may be specific to the corresponding CT, with or
without a Block-level Policy to oversee it, with the necessary review and approval by the
Policy Team for the Exception from the Block-level Policy. A Policy is a predicate to
Standards or a Procedure, unless there are specific Exceptions reviewed and approved by
the Policy Team.
● Standards: Standards will be at the Block-level and govern all Procedures within the
subject matter Domain, unless there are regulatory requirements that necessitate a
CT-specific Standards or the CT’s business model or business needs necessitate Standards
that would not be applicable to other entities within the Block enterprise. In such cases, a
Standard may be specific to the corresponding entity, with the necessary review and
approval by the Policy Team.1
● Procedure: A Procedure may be at the Block-level if the Procedure corresponds to
1 Standards were previously Programs. Program naming convention will be transitioned to Standards during review cycles and a period of
overlap will exist between the two document types.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Compliance processes that are globally applicable, or it may be at the CT-level if the
corresponding Compliance processes are specifically applicable only to a given CT.
4.5 Compliance Domains
All Documents must be linked to one of the following Compliance Domains:
● Compliance Governance;
● Compliance Engineering & Technology;
● Consumer Protection;
● Ethics & Employee Conduct; and
● Anti-Financial Crimes.
4.6 Document Ownership Principles
● Documents should have a designated Owner clearly identified and confirmed with the
Policy Team.
● The designated Policy or Standards Owner should be listed in the Document
Management and Document Details sections of the Document.
● The designated Owner may delegate ownership to a Delegate, where appropriate based
on predominance or Policy focus area2.
5. Document Lifecycle
The process to develop a Compliance Document begins when there is a regulatory event or
management addresses the need of a unique situation that requires written guidelines which are
communicated to stakeholders. The process for Document development contains a series of
checkpoints referred to as tollgates (“Tollgates”):. Further details and guidance on the Document
Tollgate process can be found in Appendix D.
5.1 Identification (New Policies/Standards)
At this stage, the idea to create a new Document is formed. This phase may take place proactively as
teams identify areas in which a Document is needed to support their business goals, or as the result
2 See the definitions section for the roles and responsibilities of Owners and Delegates.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
of gap assessments, audits, or regulatory examinations. Based on the nature of the Document as
well as its subject matter, the Owner and the appropriate stakeholders and subject matter experts
will be identified to be responsible for following steps in the Document lifecycle. The Owner must
consult with the Policy Team prior to the creation of any new Documents and submit a new
document request form (See “ Tollgate #1: Intake Phase” in Appendix D). The Owner must avoid
contradicting any existing statements or related Documents already in existence.
5.2 Creation (New Policies / Standards)
The Owner and subject matter experts must utilize a template (located on Go/Policy) approved by
the Policy Team to draft their Document. The Owner is responsible for ensuring that Documents are
designed in compliance with relevant laws, regulations, rules, and any existing Policies, Standards,
and Procedures, and for defining the consequences for violation of the requirements set in the given
Documents. The Owner is responsible for identifying existing Compliance Documents that may
need to be retired or updated as a result of the new Document. All Compliance Documents must be
maintained in English or, at a minimum, have a version retained in English. Documents will be
added to the Policy Team’s inventory tracking and reporting during the creation stage.
5.3 Revision/Review
On an annual basis, the Owner is responsible for sharing a draft and soliciting review and feedback
from relevant cross-functional stakeholders and subject matter experts who should be consulted to
review and ultimately sign off on the content. The Owner, relevant subject matter experts and
Stakeholder Reviewers may meet to revise the Document as a result of the feedback received.
Feedback provides an opportunity for stakeholders to provide input into the Documents that will
govern their activities. Owners should document, retain, and respond to the feedback by including
the feedback in the Document, where applicable, and maintaining and archiving feedback and
notes until at least the next review cycle. All feedback and edits should be maintained by the
Document Owner or Delegate in Google Docs by retaining a redline version of the Document with
all substantive comments and their related resolution retained. Owners must follow additional
guidance outlined in Appendix D (See Tollgate #2: Revision Phase). Following review, the Owner
must consult with the Policy Team who will complete a Quality Control Review on the Document
prior to approvals (See Tollgate #3 in Appendix D)..
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.4 Approval
5.4.1 Owner Attestation
Document Owners are responsible for attesting to Document content. Document attestation is
completed annually and aligned with scheduled review dates, where possible.
5.4.2 Document Approval Levels
Compliance Documents are categorized as Tier 1, 2, or 3, as outlined below, and require annual
approval according to the Compliance Document Approval Matrix (See section 8).
5.4.3 Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3 Documents3
Tier 1
● Limited to Policies only (Standards / Procedures are excluded)
● Policies with a regulatory requirement to be approved by the applicable Block or
US Board
● Policies that outline enterprise-wide framework and/or overarching requirements
that apply across multiple significant brands, entities or businesses
● Policies that will have material business impact across multiple brands, entities or
businesses
● Policies that present new or expanded responsibilities for the applicable Block
Board or a US Subsidiary Board
● Policies that are more like high level frameworks that are unlikely to change
significantly over the year
Tier 2
● All other Policies that do not meet Tier 1 criteria
● Policies and Standards that are core to key Compliance laws, rules, and regulations
● Policies and Standards that outlines more technical and brand specific guidance
Tier 3
● All Standards that do not meet Tier 1 or Tier 2 criteria
● Standards that support key Compliance laws, rules, and regulations
● Standards that outline day-to-day management and operational activities to
execute against existing Policies or Standards (approved at Tier 1 or 2 levels)
3 Policies and Standards for international subsidiaries will continue to be routed through their local
approval processes and not be presented to the Committee per the Committee’s Charter scope.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
14

Confidential and Not for Distribution
5.4.4 Document Owner Approval Responsibilities
The Document Owner is ultimately responsible for obtaining approvals based on the approval
structure confirmed with the Policy Team during annual review or when introducing a new
Document. However, the Policy Team will assist the Document Owner in facilitating approvals for
Tier 1 and Tier 2 documents requiring board or committee approval. The Document Owner or
Delegate must submit redline and clean copies of the Document for approval. If significant changes
were made to the Document, the Owner must submit a Change Summary form as a part of the
approval package. Per the Compliance Document Approval Matrix, Approvers may include
Compliance Leadership and relevant committees or boards. Approvals must be documented and
supported by a digital audit trail and within the Document’s Revision & Approval History section. The
Document Owner must attest to allDocument content, even if Ownership was delegated to a
Delegate.
5.4.5 Transfer of Ownership
When ownership transfer is needed during Document review or due to misalignment, the Policy
Team will coordinate the transition between current and future Owners.
Upon agreement, the transfer of ownership from the existing Owner to the new Owner is
documented in the Document and on all internal reporting and communication plans.
5.5 Publishing and Storage
After obtaining and recording all necessary approvals, the Owner must notify the Policy Team that
the Document is ready for publication. The Owner is responsible for providing the Policy Team with
all required Documentation outlined in Appendix D. Owners must document all changes through
redlines for audit purposes4. For complete rewrites, Owners must summarize all material changes
and their rationale and provide the summary to the Policy Team. Approvals must be submitted by
the Owner to the Policy Team in a timely manner or a delay in publication will occur. The Policy
Team will then publish the Document to the Policy SOR and Go/Policy, for staff member viewing and
in accordance with Document retention requirements. In cases where Documents may not be
4
The Policy Team archives redlines and change summaries provided by Owners or Delegates, but is not responsible for verifying their accuracy
or completeness.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
15

Confidential and Not for Distribution
shared or accessible to all staff members, the Owner is responsible for notifying the Policy Team to
restrict access as required.
5.6 Policy Publication and Communication
When a Document is approved and published, it is critical to make staff aware of the new or
amended Document. The newly approved Policy and/or Standard must be communicated to all
impacted staff within the scope of the Document on a timely basis.
The Owner is responsible for notifying the Policy Team to begin the publication process.. Upon
receiving notification of an approved Document, the Policy Team will publish the updated
Document on Go/Policy and any applicable SOR. Document Owners are also responsible for
submitting all required supporting publication information including evidence of approvals and a
redline version to the Policy Team. If a Document was completely re-written, the Document Owner
may submit a detailed summary of changes in place of a redline.
After publication, Documents are communicated through three methods:
1) General Staff Updates: Monthly, the Policy Team publishes a list of all new and updated
Documents on Go/Policy, and through a Slack notification to the Compliance
organization.
2) Compliance Leadership Reporting: The Policy Team maintains monthly reporting on
Document inventory status. As needed, the Policy Team will escalate Document updates
to the CPC.
3) Key Stakeholder Notifications: Document Owners are responsible for driving awareness
campaigns for newly published or materially changed Documents to key stakeholders.
Awareness campaigns generally include announcements, email notification, or trainings.
If the Document Owner deems a policy update as critical, the Owner or Delegate should
immediately notify identified stakeholders. The notification should generally include what
changed, how to comply, and any details on an impact analysis.
5.7 Implementation
During the creation phase, the Owner is responsible for understanding the Company’s current state
of Compliance in the subject matter area of the Document. Although an Owner may not be directly
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
16

Confidential and Not for Distribution
involved in operationalizing the requirements in a forward-looking Document, they are responsible
for ensuring that forward-looking requirements are accounted for in roadmap planning and can be
operationalized within a reasonable timeframe.
Owners should maintain an implementation plan to outline the activities, roles and responsibilities,
and timelines needed to help ensure Policy or Standard requirements are operationalized. All
Policies and Standards must have an implementation plan. The method by which a Policy or
Standard may be implemented depends on the complexity of changes and risks associated with
failure to effectively implement a Policy or Standard. Communication of implementation methods
include:
● Email;
● Web-based meeting;
● Formal training;
● Informal education sessions; and
● Additional supporting materials or Documents.
The Policy Team is not responsible for confirming the Owner has developed or maintained an
implementation plan. Further, the Policy Team is not responsible for confirming an implementation
plan is communicated or operationalized.
6. Scheduled Review / Maintenance
6.1 Scheduled Review / Off-Cycle Changes
To ensure that Documents remain up-to-date and accurate, scheduled Document reviews must take
place at least annually for Documents5. The Policy Team does not own scheduled review for
Procedures. The Policy Team retains a Document review schedule that is available upon request. .
Similar to the creation of a new Policy or Standard, the need for a Policy or Standard review can be
triggered by a number of factors including a required review date, new or emerging risks, new or
updated regulatory requirements, organizational changes, identified gaps, or other factors. Owners
must track past and future review dates to ensure timely review of all Documents. Owners may
update Documents outside of normal review cycles (“Off-Cycle Changes”). Off-cycle changes are
classified as Immaterial or Material Changes. Making Material Changes or Immaterial Changes to
5 The Policy Team may adjust review dates to coincide with the next available committee or Board meeting.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
17

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Documents Off-Cycle does not change scheduled annual review dates and does not absolve Owners
of responsibilities associated with scheduled annual approvals.
While Documents are reviewed periodically as part of the Document lifecycle, Owners are also
responsible for staying abreast of legal, regulatory, and business changes that may result in updates
to their Documents and for facilitating the content editing and re-approval process with the Policy
Team, as needs arise, in a timely manner.
● Immaterial Changes - Immaterial changes (such as minor clarifications of existing
content, formatting, and hyperlink updates) may typically be completed immediately,
once the Owner notifies the Policy Team of the nature of such immaterial changes and
receives acknowledgement from the Policy Team. Immaterial changes must similarly be
recorded in the Document’s Revision & Approval History section.
● Material Changes - Material changes require reapproval in accordance with the
Compliance Document Approval Matrix and must be recorded in the Document’s
Revision & Approval History section. Compliance Leadership may approve off-cycle
Material changes to Documents6. For Tier 1 and 2 documents, If approved, the Owner
must then provide the off-cycle approved changes to the applicable Committee and/or
Board during the next scheduled meeting as inform only. The presentation to the
Committee and/or Board should include a summary of the changes and evidence of
Compliance Leadership approval. If the Owner and/or Compliance Leadership
recommends full review by the Committee or Board, they may recommend bringing the
changes to the Committee or Board prior to the next scheduled meeting for full approval
depending on the significance of the changes or the risk level associated. All material
changes must be accompanied by documented approval and a detailed redline or
change summary. The Policy Team will maintain records of material changes and
associated approvals in accordance with document retention requirements. If an Owner
of a Document is Compliance Leadership, they must obtain approval from another
Compliance Leadership contact for off-cycle material changes.
6 Please note if the Owner is a member of Compliance Leadership, the Owner should obtain approval for occ-cycle material changes from
another member of Compliance Leadership and cannot solely approve the changes.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
18

Confidential and Not for Distribution
6.2 Policy Review Date Extensions
The Policy Team has authority to approve extension requests for 30 days past the scheduled review
date. Owners must obtain approval from a Compliance Leadership for any scheduled review date
changes longer than 30 days. Upon receiving approval from a Compliance Leadership member, the
Owner should provide the Policy Team with evidence of approval for a deferred policy review or
change of date. The Policy Team will retain the evidence and update internal team tracking.
A deferment occurs when a Document scheduled for periodic review, as listed in inventory
management or the SOR, cannot be reviewed by the Owner by the specified date. Deferments may
occur due to pending material changes, such as pending regulatory guidance, major
reorganizations, dependency on key cross-functional projects that may cross multiple
significant brands, entities or businesses. Document deferments must be approved by a
Compliance Leadership member and submitted to the Policy Team to update the SOR and internal
tracking. Owners may only request one deferral for a maximum of six-months.
6.3 Exception Handling
A Document may allow for Exceptions. Owners and/or Delegates have authority to approve
Exceptions and/or exemptions to Documents, provided that the proposed Exception or exemption
does not violate applicable laws and regulations. Document exception requests must be
documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that
the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved
exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any
approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Team. The Owner and/or
designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of Exceptions.
The Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as
needed of Exceptions. If an Exception requires renewal, approval of an extension is required.
6.4 Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Data Classification and Handling
Policy or in accordance with applicable laws/regulatory guidance - whichever is longer. Owners are
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
19

Confidential and Not for Distribution
responsible for providing all supporting approvals, redlines/change summaries7, and archived
versions to the Policy Team for record retention purposes.
7. Retirement and Archival
Document retirement requires approval per the Compliance Document Approval Matrix. Replaced,
retired, or canceled Policies and Standards must be removed from staff access on a timely basis,
usually within thirty business days of replacement, retirement, or cancellation. An archive of former
Documents will be held by the Policy Team in the Policy SOR or website in accordance with
Document retention requirements8. The data housed in the SOR or website is maintained by the
Policy Team and is available upon request.
8. Compliance Document Approval Matrix
Document Compliance Committee and/or Block or US
Owner Leadership International Subsidiary Board *
Attestation (Compliance Board *
(Compliance Core+1 minimum)
Manager
or Designee)
Required Approvals9 for Scheduled Review or Net New Document /
Retirement
Tier 1 ✔ * ✔ ✔
Document
Tier 2 ✔ * ✔ *
Document
Tier 3 ✔ ✔ * *
Document
Procedure ✔
7 The Policy Team archives redlines and summaries, but is not responsible for verifying their accuracy
or completeness.
8 The Policy Team archives information provided by the Owner and/or Delegate and is not responsible for verifying accuracy or
completeness.
9 Document Owners attest to document content before seeking formal approvals.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
20

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Required Approvals for Off-Cycle Material Change to Existing Document10
Tier 1 ✔ ✔ * *
Document
Tier 2 ✔ ✔ * *
Document
Tier 3 ✔ ✔ * *
Document
Procedure ✔
Required Approvals for Immaterial Change to Existing Document
Policy ✔
Standard ✔
Procedure ✔
Scheduled Review & Approval (Frequency)
Tier 1 (Annually) (Annually) (Annually) (Annually)
Document
Tier 2 (Annually) (Annually) (Annually) *
Document
Tier 3 (Annually) (Annually) * *
Document
Procedure (Triennially) (Triennially)
+ All Tier 1 US documents must go to the Committee who will assess to recommend Board approval.
* May or may not be required in accordance with relevant law or local regulation or at the discretion
of the Lead. For off-cycle Material Changes the Owner and/or Compliance Leadership may
recommend full review by the Committee or Board prior to the next scheduled meeting for full
approval depending on the significance of the changes or the risk level associated.
10
Please note if the Owner is a member of Compliance Leadership, the Owner should obtain approval for off-cycle material changes from
another member of Compliance Leadership and cannot solely approve the changes.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
21

Confidential and Not for Distribution
9. Revision and Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Sandy Zanaty Global Creation N/A Sep 1, 2022
Compliance
Policy Manager
Colin Gibson Compliance Initial Appro… N/A Sep 8, 2022
Policy, Training &
Reporting Lead
Sandy Zanaty Global Material Cha… Consultation with Aug 23, 2023
Compliance PwC. Material
Policy Manager changes include
Document
application, SLAs,
domains, and a
revised Compliance
Document Approval
Matrix.
John Alfano Global Policy & Material Cha… Consultation with Aug 23, 2023
Governance Lead PwC. Material
changes include
Document
application, SLAs,
domains, and a
revised Compliance
Document Approval
Matrix.
Sandy Zanaty Global Material Cha… Added Enterprise Sep 26, 2023
Compliance Risk Management
Policy Manager domain.
Sherry Steve… Head of Material Cha… Material changes Jul 8, 2024
Compliance, include enhanced
Governance, and process updates,
Reporting introduction of
Document Tiers,
revised Compliance
Document Approval
Matrix,, and in
transition from
“Program,” to
“Standard.”
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
22

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Approver Title Type Description Date
Sherry Steve… Head of Material Cha… Material updates Jan 22, 2025
Governance and included updating
Program Support the tiering eligibility
requirements,
adding Compliance
Policy Committee
details, and
updating the team
name from
“Compliance,
Governance, and
Reporting” to
“Governance and
Program Support.”
Compliance Compliance Material Cha… Approval. Jan 22, 2025
Policy Policy
Committee Committee
Compliance Compliance Material Cha… Material updates to Jun 6, 2025
Policy Policy reflect current
Committee Committee operational
processes,
incorporating
updated approval
structures and
organizational
changes. Content
from the
Compliance Policy
Governance
Standard was
integrated into this
policy, eliminating
duplicate content.
Stevi Winer Compliance Immaterial … Corrected typo in Feb 18, 2026
Policy, the extensions
Mandatory section and missing
Training and text on the
Support Lead definition for
C-Core+1
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
23

Confidential and Not for Distribution
10. Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Global Compliance Policy Lead
Document Delegate Global Compliance Policy Manager
Last Approval Date February 18, 2026
Effective Date February 18, 2026
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Approval Cadence Annually
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
24

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Appendix - Quality Control Checklists and Tollgates
Appendix A- Policy Team Quality Control Checklist
Document Quality Control Checklist
Purpose: This PoP Quality Control Checklist guides the Policy Team in ensuring documents meet
minimum submission standards.11
Policy Team PoP QC Review (Tollgate #3)
# Action Steps Yes No N/A Comments(s) Status
1 Does the Document meet the Not started
definition of a Policy or Standard?
1.a If not, was the Owner/Drafter Not started
provided additional feedback?
2 Were existing Documents reviewed Not started
to determine existing coverage?
2.a If a Document currently exists Not started
covering the topic, was the
Owner/Drafter provided additional
feedback to confirm the need for
the Document?
2.b Was the Document reviewed for Not started
alignment with existing
Documents on the same topic (e.g.,
Block Inc. Policies, Subsidiary
Policies etc.)?
3 Was the approved template used? Not started
4 At a minimum, does the Document Not started
contain the required sections listed
in the approved template?
4.l If there are links or references in the Not started
Document, are these links accurate
and correct?
5 Does the Introduction and Purpose Not started
sections follow the guidance in the
Policy template?
6 Does the scope section of the Not started
11 The Policy Team Quality Control Checklist provides informal review criteria for documents.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
25

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Document include language
noting who the Document is or is
not applicable to?
6.1 Is the scope accurate and does it Not started
include all relevant entities (to be
confirmed and listed by the
Document Owner)?
7 Are the roles and responsibilities Not started
drafted consistently and used
appropriately throughout the
document?
8 If regulations are cited, is a Not started
definition and/or citation included?
9 Are there record retention Not started
guidelines in the Document?
9.a Are regulatory record retention Not started
standards applicable (e.g., ECOA
requirements)? If so, are they
provided in the Document?
10 Was the Document title checked Not started
for consistency with similar
Documentation (e.g., “FCRA Policy”
vs. “Fair Credit Reporting Act
(FCRA) Policy”). Please review the
current inventory to align for
consistency.
11 If applicable, are the Procedures, Not started
guidelines, or Standard listed in the
Policy?
12 Did the Owner or Policy Team Not started
schedule or complete the required
tollgates?
13 Did the Owner or Drafter provide a Not started
track changes and clean version (for
existing policies)?
14 Did the Owner confirm the roles Not started
and responsibilities with the
stakeholders listed?
15 Did the Owner provide the correct Not started
written approvals as defined in the
PoP?
16 Did the Owner obtain and submit Not started
evidence of written approvals, as
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
26

Confidential and Not for Distribution
required?
17 Does the Policy Team need to Not started
update ownership of the Policy,
Procedure, or any supplemental
materials?
18 Does the Document adhere to all Not started
guidance listed in the style
guidelines?
Policy Team (After Tollgate #3 Checklist)
1 Did the Owner follow the approval Not started
framework?
2 Were written approvals and/or Not started
Board/Committee approvals
obtained and provided to the Policy
Team to store on the SOR?
3 Was the Document updated with Not started
revision dates, approvals, and other
governance information?
4 Was the SOR updated with the Not started
version history of the Policy,
approvals, and other relevant
information?
5 Was the Document submitted to Not started
the Policy Team for Publication on
the SOR and Go/Policy?
6 Was internal Document tracking Not started
updated to reflect a completed
status?
7 Was the review or approval Not started
reported in the monthly Policy
governance management report?
8 Does Go/Policy match the SOR? Not started
9 Are follow ups required for Not started
ownership transfers?
10 Was an annual review date Not started
confirmed with the Owner, added
to the Document Details section
prior to upload, and Documented
in the SOR and on internal
tracking?
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
27

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Appendix B- Owner Guidance and Checklist
Document Guidance
Owner Responsibilities
Prior to Tollgate #1
# Action Steps Yes No N/A Comments(s) Status
1 Were existing Documents reviewed Not started
to confirm that coverage does not
already exist (e.g., Block Inc.
Policies, existing subsidiary policies
etc.)?
2 Were the applicable Stakeholder Not started
Reviewers identified? Please retain
Documentation of review and
attestation for tollgate #2
3 Does the Document have a clear Not started
Owner that can hold stakeholders
accountable for the role and
responsibilities outlined in the
Document?
4 Will the Document be transferred Not started
to a new Owner?
5 Did the Owner identify the Not started
template, guidance, style guide,
and other Policy Team resources to
utilize during their review?
6 Were the applicable entities and Not started
products confirmed? Entities must
be identified by the Document
Owner for inclusion in the scope.
After Tollgate #1
1 Were the roles and responsibilities Not started
reviewed with the relevant
stakeholders?
2 Does the Document clearly outline Not started
the roles and responsibilities?
3 Are there specific record retention Not started
requirements? If so, are they listed
in the Document?
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
28

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4 Did the Owner review regulations Not started
for changes or conduct an initial
review of regulations? This may be
N/A if there are no recent changes.
5 Did the Owner update any Not started
regulatory content in the
Document? If so, confirm this was
reviewed with applicable
Stakeholder Reviewers, as required
(e.g., Legal Counsel)
6 Are there new or existing Not started
supplemental materials (e.g.,
Standard, Procedures etc.)
associated with this Policy? If so,
answer below and include the
Document in the comments
section.
6.a Is there a related Document (e.g., Not started
Standard or Policy)?
6.b Is there a Procedure or Procedures Not started
for this Policy?
6.c In the future will supplemental Not started
materials be associated with this
Policy? If so, please provide the
responsible parties or details during
tollgate #2
7 If supplemental information is Not started
outlined in 6, are there clear
owners?
8 Does the Document comply with Not started
the PoP format, style guide, and
templates?
9 Were appropriate Stakeholder Not started
Reviewers consulted prior to
tollgate #2?
10 Did the Owner submit a track Not started
changes (for existing documents),
and a clean copy of the Document
to the Policy Team prior to tollgate
#2?
11 Can the Owner clearly explain the Not started
changes to the Document prior to
tollgate #2?
12 Did the Owner and Policy Team Not started
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
29

Confidential and Not for Distribution
complete tollgate #2 for
governance purposes?
After Tollgate #2
1 Did the Owner receive confirmation Not started
that Tollgate #3 was completed by
the Policy Team?
2 If revisions are required resulting Not started
from the Policy Team’s review, did
the Owner review the changes?
3 Did the Owner obtain a written Not started
approval from the required
Approvers per the PoP if
substantive changes were made?
After Tollgate #3
1 Did the Owner notify the Policy Not started
Team of a distribution list to
communicate Policy updates, as
needed?
After Tollgate #4
1 Did the Owner submit the Policy to Not started
the appropriate Approvers
(including any applicable
Committees or the Board) and
obtain Documented approvals?
2 Did the Owner submit the Not started
approved Document and related
redlines and/or a summary of
changes to the Policy Team for
upload to the SOR and Go/Policy
(including written approval or
acknowledgement via a SOR)?
3 Did the Owner receive a Not started
distribution email?
4 Are follow ups required for Not started
ownership?
5 Were training and/or awareness Not started
plans completed in conjunction
with the Compliance Training
Team, as needed?
Need help? Please send us a ticket at go/Policyhelp
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
30

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Appendix C- Style Guidelines and Checklist
1. Required Elements
Documents are most effective when executed in a consistent and standardized manner. Utilizing a
consistent format helps to communicate pertinent information to all impacted colleagues and
stakeholders.
In keeping with a standardized format, a Document should include, at a minimum, the following
sections:
● Document Title
● Definitions
● Introduction, Purpose and Scope
● Requirements
● Roles and Responsibilities
● Document Management
● Document Owner
● Review and Approval
● Monitoring and Reporting
● Exceptions
● Record Retention
● Related Documentation or References
● Revision and Approval History
● Document Details
In addition, the Owner and/or drafter has the discretion to include any of the following sections to
enhance the overall Document, if necessary:
● Appendices
● Effective comply by or applicable dates
● Training
All new Documents are required to include the required elements listed above. Existing Documents
must conform to the required elements no later than the completion of their next full review
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
31

Confidential and Not for Distribution
identified with the Policy Team and listed in the SOR. To create consistency, it is recommended that
the Owner use the appropriate templates available at Go/Policy.
Owners should use the built-in numbering system in Google Docs, including fonts and heading
styles used in the provided templates. The Policy Team is available as a resource throughout the
drafting process to provide feedback on versions or address questions.
2. Document Drafting
A Document author is responsible for effectively translating a requirement into an easy to
understand, legible Document to which Staff Members must adhere.
For a Document to be effective, it must be written in a clear, concise, and plain business language
that the intended audience can understand. Refer to the below Drafting Checklist for guidelines on
creating consistent documentation.
When creating a new Document, the author should review and consider the other Documents that
are applicable to the topic. Existing Documents are helpful resources to determine language that
appropriately communicates applicable requirements. Additionally, the author may consider, from
existing Documents, what language could be expanded upon in order to provide consistency and
clarity.
During the drafting process, it is recommended that the author start with the applicable template
for their Document available at Go/Policy (e.g., appropriate entity and level). The templates are
pre-filled with the required sections outlined in the PoP and this Document. Each section contains a
brief description of what the author should consider when writing the body of the section.
On completion of the initial draft of the Document, the Owner must distribute the draft to applicable
stakeholders for input. Owners should use Google Docs to track feedback from the stakeholders and
should retain all comments and the disposition. All stakeholder feedback must be reviewed and
addressed appropriately and the feedback should be maintained and archived in an accessible
location until the next review cycle.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
32

Confidential and Not for Distribution
3. Drafting Checklist Guide
Drafting Checklist
# Action Steps Comments Status
1 Ensure version is listed. Not started
2 Define terms and abbreviations in the same way you Not started
would for Document content (do not define an
acronym).
3 Ensure “Definitions” section is alphabetized. Not started
4 Ensure definitions have periods. Not started
5 Ensure all defined terms used in the body of the Not started
Document are listed in the glossary and only defined in
the glossary (e.g., terms should not be defined in the
body of the Document).
6 Ensure only the abbreviation is used after the first time Not started
the abbreviation is used.
6.a If the first time a term is used is in a header, do not Not started
abbreviate. The first time the term is used in the body
of the text it should then be abbreviated.
7 If a role is not listed in the body of the Document Not started
remove it from the roles and responsibilities section.
8 Ensure all related Policies, Standard, Procedures and Not started
other Documentation mentioned in the Document are
listed in the related Documents section.
8.a Ensure the related Documents section is organized by Not started
Document type (e.g., List all Policies first followed by
Standard and Procedures)
9 Use “must,” “shall,” or “will,” vs. “may” or other Not started
ambiguous terms.
10 Do not use “ensure,” or “strive to,” or other terms Not started
promising results on behalf of Block or its subsidiaries.
11 Use “and,” and not “&.” Not started
12 Spell out percent / do not use “%.” Not started
13 Capitalize all defined terms and roles throughout the Not started
Document (a full review of the Document is required
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
33

Confidential and Not for Distribution
since CommandF may not catch all instances).
14 Check all section number references to ensure they Not started
align with referenced sections at the end of the
drafting process.
15 Check for consistent spacing and remove all double Not started
periods.
16 Do not leave hanging sections (e.g., do not have a Not started
header at the end of one page and the beginning of
the body on the next).
17 Confirm appropriate Font and Font size is used for Not started
each applicable template (e.g., Montserrat for Block,
Inc. Documents)
18 Confirm all charts or illustrations use Block, Inc. and/or Not started
subsidiary colors.
19 Ensure all placeholders in the Document are Not started
addressed and any highlighting is removed.
20 Conduct a full editorial review of the Document to Not started
ensure spelling and grammar is correct (do not solely
rely on spellcheck or editorial functions in google docs).
21 Ensure the table of contents is accurate before final Not started
submission to address any edits made throughout the
drafting process.
22 Check the Compliance Definitions Glossary available at Not started
Go/Policy to ensure all definitions are consistent with
the provided descriptions, as applicable.
23 Are entity names correct? Not started
Need help? Please send us a ticket at go/Policyhelp
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
34

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Appendix D- Tollgates
Document Tollgate #1: Intake Phase
The first Tollgate is a review of Document requirements to determine the appropriateness of scope.
This Tollgate is between the Owner and the Policy Team. Document Tollgate #1 will be initiated by
the Owner for new Documents and off-cycle changes.
During the Intake Phase the Owner will:
● Complete an initial assessment: Owners must evaluate the regulatory requirements and
existing documentation to determine appropriate Document strategy. This may include:
○ Review of the existing Documents and Compliance Domain alignment;
○ Identification of legal requirements, stakeholders, and supplemental forms;
○ Verification of details contained in the SOR and/or Go Policy; and
○ Conducting conflict checks with current documentation.
● Conduct a Document Strategy Decision: Before creating new Documents:
○ Check Go/Policy and the SOR, as applicable, for related existing Documents;
○ Consider expanding existing Documents instead of creating a new Document;
○ Consult with the Policy Team when new documentation is necessary by
submitting a new policy request form; and
○ Ensure alignment with existing documentation.
The Policy Team will notify owners via meeting, Slack, email, or the SOR to proceed to Tollgate #2.
For new Documents, the Policy team may require Owners consult with Compliance Leadership or
stakeholders before drafting the new document.
Tollgate #1 - Intake Phase
Purpose Description Key Objectives
Determine For new Documents, the Owner will - Define scope
alignment contact the Policy Team to initiate - Requirements for the Policy review
between the the process via the new policy form. (e.g., regulatory updates, style
Owner and For existing Documents, the Policy guidelines, review requirements)
Policy Team team will send an announcement of - Transfer of ownership
the Document review via Slack, - Confirm an applicable Compliance
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
35

Confidential and Not for Distribution
email, or the SOR. Domain is selected
- Select appropriate template
The Policy team will schedule a
meeting, as needed, to discuss the
Document lifecycle next steps and/or
will provide approval to proceed with
the Policy process.
5.2 Document Tollgate #2: Revision Phase
Owners and/or Delegates draft or revise documents during Tollgate #2. After the Owner and/or
Delegate drafts or revises a document, Owners or Delegates must:
● Review with stakeholders identified in Tollgate #1;
● Document stakeholder feedback and resolution via redlines and/or a summary of
changes;
● Submit to the Policy Team for quality control; and
● Report substantial changes to the Policy Team to aid in the review.
Tollgate # 2 - Revision Phase
Purpose Description Key Objectives
Review the The Owner should complete their - Draft Document updates
Document draft of the Document during - Assign roles and responsibilities
with key Tollgate #2. The Owner should also - Confirm record retention requirements
Stakeholder obtain stakeholder review and is - Remove procedural language, if
Reviewers responsible for retaining evidence applicable
of review and disposition of - Engage SMEs, as needed
feedback via redlines and/or a - Evidence of legal review, when
summary of changes. In this applicable
timeframe, the Owner should
continue to inform the Policy team
of substantive process updates and
transfer of ownership. The Policy
Team will provide feedback during
Tollgate 3.
5.3 Document Tollgate #3: Quality Control Phase
The Policy Team must complete Tollgate #3 quality review per Appendix A before approval
submission on all Documents.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
36

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Tollgate #3 - Quality Control Phase
Purpose Description Key Objectives
Policy Team The Policy Team will retain edits - Track changes Document
conducts an via the redline document copy for - Confirmation of ownership transfers,
offline quality all material changes. if applicable
control review The Owner must review and - QC checklist consultation
approve material changes - Approver sign off for material
proposed by the Policy Team. changes, as needed
5.4 Document Tollgate #4: Approvals/Publication Phase
Approvals are obtained during Tollgate #4 as outlined in the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval submissions must include clean and redline copies of all Documents, where applicable.
Where Documents were completely re-written, a detailed summary of changes may be submitted in
place of redlines. After required approvals are obtained, the Policy Team will publish Documents on
Go/Policy and/or the SOR.
Tollgate #4 - Approvals/Publication Phase
Purpose Description Key Objectives
Approvals The Owner will provide the - Compliance Leadership, Board, or
with Document (clean and redline Committee approval, as applicable
Compliance version, where available) to - Update SOR (as applicable) and
Leadership / required approvers and Go/Policy
Board or and committees or boards, as
Committees applicable. After final required
approvals are received the Owner
will submit the approved Policy
and all required Documentation
to the Policy Team. The Owner
must obtain written approval to
submit to the Policy Team. The
Policy Team will then upload
Documentation to the SOR, as
applicable, and Go/Policy. The
Policy Team will conduct a final
editorial QC of the Document
prior to upload.
Compliance Policy on Policies | Block
37