Escalation Framework for Non-Completion of
Compliance Training External Workers)
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Mar 30, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 30, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Block, Inc (“Blockˮ) requires external workers to complete applicable
mandatory Compliance training. This Escalation Framework for Non-Completion of Compliance
Training External Workers) (“Frameworkˮ) defines the approach taken by Block for External
Workers who do not complete mandatory compliance training, as required.
For mandatory Compliance training, the Standard outlines the end-to-end Training Campaign
Cycle, which generally gives Learners 30 days to complete the assigned mandatory training on
time, followed by automated escalating communications post-due date aimed at driving
completion of compliance training. Select mandatory Compliance trainings may follow an adjusted
timeline as outlined in the Compliance Mandatory Training Standard. This Framework establishes a
three-level escalation process for External Workers who remain non-compliant after receiving
standard automated notifications:
● Level 1 & 2 Automated written and final warnings delivered via Block Academy
● Level 3 Case-by-case review by EWP and relevant stakeholders to determine appropriate
action
This Framework takes effect when External Workers have not completed mandatory Compliance
training at the conclusion of the automated notification period.
Scope: This Framework is established by Block and is applicable across all Block business lines
and subsidiaries. It applies to all external workers including BPO resources, Magnit-managed
temporary workers, independent contractors, vendor workers, and temporary agency workers
outside of Magnit.
1

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Call-to-Action Action required to be completed within a specified timeframe.
Disciplinary Disciplinary Action may include verbal or documented coaching, written or
Action final warning, system access restrictions, or termination of contract, as a
result of a policy violation.
Learner An external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors), with access to Block
systems and Block credentials who are assigned a Workday profile is
required to take Compliance Training.
Training The end-to-end management of deploying a mandatory compliance training
Campaign Cycle module that generally allows 30 days for completion and a subsequent
post-due date escalation and notification period. Select mandatory
compliance training may follow an adjusted timeline as outlined in the
Compliance Mandatory Training Program Standard.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Terminology Definition
Mandatory The Training Team owns and manages the Compliance Mandatory Training
Compliance Program Standard and the Disciplinary Action Framework for
Training Team Non-Completion of Compliance Training outlining the requirements and
(“Training strategy for implementing those requirements.
Teamˮ)
Employment Review the disciplinary matrix and partner with the External Workforce
Counsel Program Team to ensure consistent enforcement.
EWP (“External Team that oversees the External Workforce program inclusive of contractors,
Workforce temporary workers, consultants, vendors, and third-party providers.
Programˮ)
BPO (“Business A type of external worker who is engaged through a third party on a
Process long-term, ongoing basis to provide outsourced services for Block.
Outsourcingˮ)
VMO (“Vendor A Department at Block whose responsibility is to manage third-party
Management relationships.
Officeˮ)
DRI (“Directly DRIs are managers who have External Workforce assigned to them in
Responsible Workday. DRIs are notified of consequences for non-compliance, with
2

Individualˮ) support from EWP.
2. Standard Requirements
2.1. Consequences for Non-Completion of Compliance Training by External
Workers
Block partners with the External Workforce Program Team to partner with External Workforce suppliers
so that external workers (non-full time employees) complete required training. If an external worker
does not complete the training within the Training Campaign Cycle, Block will implement a three-level
escalation process that includes automated warnings followed by case-by-case review, which could
result in the end of the assignment at Block.
The following Consequence matrix is specific to the U.S.-based External Workers on assignment at
Block. While the escalation levels are consistent across all external worker types, the EWP team
coordinates with the appropriate intermediary based on the external workerʼs engagement type:
● BPO Workers: EWP coordinates with the Vendor Management Office (“VMOˮ) Team, as
these resources require training time to be scheduled.
● Magnit-Managed Temporary Workers: EWP coordinates with Magnit
● Other External Workers ( I ndependent Contractors, Vendor Workers, Non-Magnit Temps):
EWP coordinates directly with Vendor
Escalation Consequence Matrix
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Written Training Final Training System Case-by-Case Review & Action
System Notification Notification
Summary Automated written Automated final written Individual review of circumstances by
warning with warning with External Workforce Program Team with
Call-to-Action to Call-to-Action to appropriate action which may include but
complete training complete training within is not limited to temporary schedule
within 14 days. 7 days of notification. removal, extended timeline for completion,
and to termination of access.
Automated Automated
communication via communication via
Block Academy) Block Academy)
3

Actions ● Block Academy ● Block Academy ● Block Academy sends
Taken automatically automatically sends auto-generated list of overdue
sends written final written external workers (post-Level 2
warnings to warning 7 days escalations) to EWP Team
applicable overdue after the final Level ● EWP Team conducts
learners 1 communication case-by-case review with
● Warning includes a was delivered VMO/Magnit/Vendor (as
14-day completion based on applicable) and DRI to determine
deadline and non-completion appropriate action based on:
potential ● Warning includes ○ Circumstances and
consequences 7-day completion reasonable explanations
deadline and ○ Business impact and
notification of coverage needs
escalation to ○ Worker history and role
management for criticality
non-compliance ● Potential Actions (not exhaustive
list):
○ Temporary Schedule
Removal: Worker
removed from schedule
until training completed
(retains access to
complete training)
○ Extended remediation:
Additional time granted
with specific completion
plan, if warranted
○ Termination of Access: If
training remains
incomplete without a
reasonable explanation,
the vendor will be notified
the worker is no longer
eligible; Access will be
terminated and
offboarding will be
completed
Action Compliance Team via Compliance Team via EWP Team (list provided by Block
Owner Block Academy Block Academy Academy) in collaboration with
VMO/Magnit/Vendor (as applicable) and
DRI
Time for 14 days 7 days Case-by-Case Basis
External
Worker to
Resolve
Not ● Moves to Level 2 ● Moves to Level 3 Case-by-Case Basis
Resolved
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Monitoring and Reporting
4

On an ongoing basis, the Escalation Framework Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for
compliance and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy,
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive
management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.2. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.3. Exceptions
The Framework Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws
and regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request,
and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained
with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to
the Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance
Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Framework, please contact the Framework
Owner.
Review related documents:
● Compliance Mandatory Training Standard
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
5

Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Stevi Winer Compliance Creation Initial creation of March 26, 2026
Policy & Training External
Lead Workforce
escalation
document
Ali Heifetz Employment Stakeholder … Initial legal review March 25, 2026
Counsel of external
workforce
escalation
management
framework
Wesley Beck Head of External Initial Appro… Initial approval of March 26, 2026
Workforce external
workforce
escalation
management
framework
Sherry Stevens Governance Initial Appro… Initial approval of March 30 2026
Program Support external
Lead workforce
escalation
management
framework
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Governance
Document Owner Stevi Winer
Approved By Governance Program Support Lead
Document Tier Tier 2
6