Outsourcing Policy
Squareup International Limited
Last Approved: September 25, 2025
Effective Date: September 25, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Outsourcing Policy (“the Policyˮ, “this Policyˮ) is established by
Squareup International Limited (“SILˮ). SIL is an authorised Electronic Money Institution, regulated
and supervised by the Central Bank of Ireland (“CBIˮ) under Firm Reference Number C184117. The
ultimate parent company is Block, Inc. a Delaware corporation, which is a merchant services
aggregator and mobile payments company based in San Francisco, California in the United States
of America. It is registered as a Money Services Business with the Financial Crimes Enforcement
Network (“FinCENˮ).
Outsourcing involves the use of a third party service provider in any number of operational
functions to perform ongoing activities that would normally be undertaken by SIL personnel.
Outsourcing Arrangements generate risks for SIL. These risks must be identified and relevant
controls applied prior to SIL entering into the arrangement, and these risks must be effectively
managed throughout the outsourcing lifecycle. The purpose of this Policy is to document SILʼs
approach to doing this, aligned with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and relevant
supervisory guidance.
As a member of the Block Inc. Group, (“Blockˮ) SIL is subject to the Third Party Risk Management
Policy, which ensures that all third party vendors are reviewed and assessed in accordance with
such policy at the Block level. This Policy should be read in conjunction with the Block Third Party
Risk Management Policy. Where there is a conflict between the Block Third Party Risk
Management Policy and this Policy, this Policy will prevail.
SILʼs Senior Management and the Board recognise that the delegation of activities under an
Outsourcing Arrangement does not result in any delegation of responsibility, and that ultimate
responsibility for outsourced processes, services, or activities remains with SIL management and
the SIL Board at all times.
The purpose of this Policy is to set out SILʼs approach to the planning, implementation, monitoring
and management of ‘Outsourcingʼ of activities by SIL to OSPs.

Scope: This Policy is established by SIL and is applicable to all SIL Outsourcing Arrangements
andStaff Members.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Critical Activity Functions that are necessary to perform core business lines or
critical business functions, unless the institutionʼs assessment
establishes that a failure to provide the outsourced function or
the inappropriate provision of the outsourced function would not
have an adverse impact on the operational continuity of the core
business line or critical business function1.
Intra-group Outsourcing Refers to an Outsourcing Arrangement between SIL and any
entity within Block.
Outsourcing Arrangement An arrangement between SIL and a vendor (whether intra-group
or an external third party) by which the service provider
performs a process, a service or an activity, or parts thereof, that
would otherwise be undertaken by SIL, even if SIL has not
performed that process, service or activity in the past.
Outsourcing Any references to “Outsourcing Frameworkˮ or “Outsourcing
Framework/Program Programˮ refer to this Policy, the SIL Outsourcing Procedures
documents and the SIL Outsourcing Strategy. The terms
“Outsourcing Programˮ and “Outsourcing Frameworkˮ are used
interchangeably across this document.
Outsourcing Risk Refers to the framework in place to identify, assess and manage
Management risks associated with Outsourcing Arrangements.
Outsourced Service Provider Are considered as a third-party entity that is undertaking an
("OSP") outsourced process, service or activity, or parts thereof, under
an outsourcing arrangement on behalf of SIL. The term refers to
both external third party service providers and intra/inter group
service providers.
Outsourcing Register The Outsourcing Register forms part of the ‘Outsourcing and
Third Party Registerʼ and contains details of all outsourced
processes, services, or activities. This register is maintained by
the Third Party and Outsourcing Risk Manager.
1 EBA Guidelines on Outsourcing Arrangements, Section 4

Terminology Definition
Service Recipient An individual at SIL that is responsible for the delivery of the
process, service, or activity and the performance of the OSP.
Sub-outsourcing Sub-outsourcing occurs when an OSP engaged by SIL has
themselves further outsourced the relevant process, service or
activity, or parts thereof to another OSP. For the avoidance of
doubt, this includes where SIL has an intra-group Outsourcing
Arrangement with another Block entity and that Block entity has
sub-outsourced to any other individual or entity.
Staff Member(s) or Staff All employees and fixed-term and contingent workers who
support the operations and/or subsidiaries covered by this
Policy, and include interns, temporary workers, consultants,
vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labour,
contractors) hired by Squareup International Limited who
supports the operations covered by this Policy.
2. Policy/Program Requirements
2.1 What is Outsourcing?
SIL defines a vendor relationship as ‘an arrangement between SIL and any other individual or entity
that provides products or services to SIL via an ongoing relationshipʼ. Vendor arrangements can be
either ‘Outsourcingʼ or ‘Non-Outsourcingʼ arrangements, and vendors can be either external third
parties or other Block Inc. entities.
SIL defines outsourcing as ‘an arrangement between SIL and a vendor (whether intra-group, or an
external third party) by which the vendor performs a process, a service or an activity, or parts
thereof, that would otherwise be undertaken by SIL, even if SIL has not performed that process,
service or activity in the pastʼ. Not all activities will be Outsourcing (an analysis will be required on
a case-by-case basis).
This Policy describes SILʼs minimum requirements to manage the risks arising from outsourcing
activities, both to external third parties and within Block. Implementation of the standards laid out
in this Policy will ensure that SIL has a robust framework to ensure the following:
● That the SIL Board remains fully responsible for all outsourced activities;
● That a risk management and internal control framework is embedded which allows for
sufficient oversight of the outsourced activities;
● That the impact of any Outsourcing Arrangement is fully considered and understood; and
that SIL retains the competence and ability to assess the OSPs performance;

● That all Outsourcing Arrangements are formalised in an outsourcing contract between SIL
and the OSP, that sets out all respective roles, responsibilities, rights, and obligations and
meets the requirements set out in this Policy;
● That the OSP has adequate risk management and internal control systems in place, and
that SIL incorporates the oversight of outsourced functions and activities into its own risk
management framework;
● That the OSP has sufficient resources in place in terms of quality, quantity, and availability
to perform the outsourced functions and activities;
● That the OSP is compliant with relevant confidentiality and sensitive data provisions and
has adequate contingency arrangements in place;
● That SIL notify the competent authority, the CBI, in a timely manner and in line with
regulatory notification requirements of any major operational or security incidents involving
OSPs;
● That SIL notifies the CBI in a timely manner and in line with regulatory notification
requirements of any critical functions or activities to be outsourced;
● That SIL has full access to perform audit and/or assurance of the OSP and the OSP will be
fully cooperative with this audit/assurance review; and
● That the outsourcing of critical functions and activities does not undermine the continuous
and satisfactory service to SIL stakeholders.
2.2 Intra-Group Arrangements
Outsourcing services provided by Block entities to SIL also fall in scope of this Policy (“Intra-Group
Outsourcingˮ). The Block service provider will be regarded as an OSP for the purpose of this
Policy. SIL applies the same requirements to Intra-group Outsourcing as to Outsourcing
Arrangements with external third parties. SIL recognises that Intra-group Outsourcing
Arrangements can present unique risks.
For Intra-group Outsourcing, SIL shall ensure that the arrangement is organised on an ‘armʼs
lengthʼ basis. The selection of the intra-group entity must be based on objective reasons, any
conflicts of interest inherent in the Outsourcing Arrangement must be identified and managed in
line with the Conflicts of Interest Policy, and the arrangement must not impair SILʼs ability to
comply with its regulatory obligations.
SIL shall ensure that it is in a position to exert sufficient influence on the intra-group arrangements
and that any necessary remediation of outsourced services, processes, or activities that impacts
on SIL are given appropriate prioritisation by Block.
2.3 Outsourcing to Third Countries
SILʼs approach to outsourcing is governed by a principle of consistency, ensuring that all
outsourcing arrangements, regardless of the geographic location of the OSP, are subject to the
same rigorous governance framework. SIL does not differentiate its due diligence, risk
assessment, and ongoing monitoring standards based on whether an OSP is located within the
EU/EEA or in a third country.

2.4 Sub-Outsourced Services
Sub-outsourcing occurs when an OSP engaged by SIL has themselves further outsourced the
relevant process, service or activity, or parts thereof to another OSP. Intra-Group Outsourcing can
often involve sub-Outsourcing.
The OSP must undertake appropriate due diligence (at a minimum aligned with the standards as
set out in this Policy) on its sub-OSPs, to ensure that Outsourcing Arrangements are delivered in
line with the Outsourcing Contract between SIL and the OSP. The OSP must also maintain
information (e.g. reporting on compliance with SLAs and KPIs, information on any compliance
monitoring/audit reviews, breach logs, etc) on the Sub-outsourcing arrangement which is
necessary for SIL to maintain effective oversight of these arrangements. The TPORM, with support
from TPDC and Service Recipient must ensure that the Outsourcing Register and relevant due
diligence contains sufficient information relating to the Sub-Outsourcing Arrangement (as
described in the Outsourcing Register section of this Policy), and that these arrangements are
subject to adequate monitoring and oversight.
2.5 Outsourcing Assessment
Not all vendor relationships will be regarded as outsourcing, and require a case-by-case analysis.
In order for SIL to manage outsourcing risk effectively, it is necessary to identify outsourced
services (from non outsourced services) and determine their criticality and importance (henceforth
“criticalityˮ or “criticalˮ) of those arrangements.
Outsourcing has three key components.
To identify outsourced services and determine the criticality of any arrangement, SIL has
developed an ‘Outsourcing and Criticality Assessment Toolʼ. This tool is completed for any
prospective outsourced arrangement at the initial onboarding stage and periodically (for
outsourced services). When assessing the criticality of an Outsourced Arrangement, SIL views the
outsourcing of these services to be of such importance that any failure or weakness with the
service provision, would have a significant impact on SILʼs continuing business operations and/or
adherence to its regulatory obligations.

The service recipient must complete an outsourcing and criticality assessment, as requested by
the TPORM and submit this for review and approval when:2
1. Entering into an Outsourcing Arrangement;
2. The scheduled annual review of critical outsourced arrangements occurs;
3. SIL plans to make a substantive change to their use of a particular Outsourcing
Arrangement e.g., where SIL plans to scale up use or dependency on an OSP;
4. There is a change in service provision including changes to sub outsourced providers.
The outcome of the criticality assessment will determine the measures that are applied to each
Outsourcing Arrangement.
2.6 Due Diligence and Risk Assessment
2.6.1 Outsourcing Strategy
Outsourcing certain activities allows SIL to focus on strategic issues and the delivery of
value-added services to its clients. SIL has prepared an Outsourcing Strategy which sets out its
appetite to engage in Outsourcing Arrangements.
2.6.2 Risk Assessment and Management
SIL recognises that in order to effectively monitor, manage and mitigate outsourcing risks, it must
implement a robust outsourcing risk management framework and apply this throughout the
lifecycle of the Outsourcing Arrangement. From the point at which the activity is proposed to be
outsourced, through to business as usual and potentially exiting the arrangement, SIL must
maintain an accurate view of risks associated with Outsourcing Arrangements, including via
appropriate due diligence on OSPs.
SIL uses Blockʼs Third Party Risk Management platform, Thinksmart, to identify, measure and
assess inherent risks associated with Outsourced Arrangements with external third parties. SIL
must initiate a risk assessment and due diligence, prior to entering into any new service
arrangement or any changes to existing arrangements, and periodically during the lifetime of the
relationship. Risk assessment methodologies must, at a minimum, take into account the below
outlined risks:
● Cyber-risks
● Operational risks
● Financial risks
● Sub-outsourcing risks
● Sensitive-data risks
● Concentration risks
● Offshoring risks
● Step-in risk
● Business continuity risks
● Legal, regulatory and reputational risks, and
● Any specific risks associated with outsourcing to the cloud
2 CBI guidelines Part B Section 1

The output of any critical risk assessment, once completed, is sent to the OOC, highlighting any
significant risks or issues from the due diligence process.
The Service Recipient must initiate a re-assessment for all Outsourcing Arrangements in the
following circumstances:
● Periodic scheduled reviews, as described in the Ongoing Monitoring section of this Policy;
● Material changes in the nature or extent of the Outsourcing Arrangement with the OSP;
● Where an organisational change occurs at an OSP or sub-OSP, including but not limited to
a change of ownership or financial position;
● Identification of deficiencies in the provision of the Outsourcing Arrangement by the OSP,
or notification of any significant breaches of the outsourcing contract, or other substantive
issues that may impact SILʼs regulatory or customer obligations on the part of the OSP. If
such an event occurs, it must be escalated in the first instance to the Third Party and
Outsourcing Risk Manager, who is responsible for determining additional escalation
requirements including to the COO, OROCor the RGC.
2.6.3 Due Diligence
SIL must perform due diligence in respect of all OSPs before entering into any Outsourcing
Arrangement, and periodically throughout the relationship.
It is the responsibility of the Service Recipient, RSMEs and TPORM to ensure that adequate due
diligence is collected, assessed, and maintained in line with SILʼs record keeping requirements for
all proposed Outsourcing Arrangements prior to formally entering into these Arrangements. The
depth and formality of the due diligence performed will vary depending on the scope, complexity
and importance of the planned Outsourcing engagement, SILʼs familiarity with the prospective OSP
and the reputation and industry standing of the OSP. When carrying out its due diligence SIL shall
consider the business background, reputation, strategy, financial performance, operations and
internal controls of the OSP.
2.6.4 Business Continuity
Business Continuity Management (“BCMˮ) is a fundamental component of the appropriate
management of outsourcing risk. For all Outsourcing Arrangements, the due diligence completed
on the OSP must include an assessment of the Business Continuity Plan (“BCPˮ) arrangements,
and this must be reviewed on a periodic basis. SIL must complete testing of BCP arrangements for
critical Outsourcing Arrangements on a periodic basis.
2.6.5 Operational Resilience
Entering into an Outsourcing Arrangement creates a dependency on a third party for the resilience
of SIL. Sub-Outsourcing can further complicate the effective management of critical or important
activities.
SILʼs critical or important business services should be able to remain within impact tolerances,
including when they rely on OSPs. In addition, due diligence of an OSPʼs Operational Resilience
conditions form part of Outsourcing due diligence. The Outsourcing Agreements which are put in

place should detail how critical or important services will be maintained during a disruption and
include an exit strategy to be applied if/when the service cannot be maintained.
2.6.6 Exit Strategies
Exit plans play an important part of any third party arrangement. The exit plan provides guidance
and a strategy for the business when it is deemed necessary to move away from an existing
vendor relationship (for example, as a result of a significant disruption or failure to service delivery;
or material risks arising with the continuation of the service).
The business also has a regulatory obligation to ensure documented exit plans are in place for
each of its critical and important functions and/or services that are outsourced. Furthermore, exit
plans provide the following benefits to the business and in turn help to protect the business from
operational failure.
● Business and service continuity
● Protection of data and assets
● Mitigation of risk
● Strategic direction
● Cost savings
2.7. Notify, Contract and Register
2.7.1 Outsourcing Agreement
All Outsourcing Arrangements must be covered by an Outsourcing Contract. It is the responsibility
of the Service Recipient (with support and guidance from Procurement, Legal and the Third Party
and Outsourcing Risk Manager) to ensure that an Outsourcing Contract is in place prior to any new
Outsourcing Arrangement being undertaken. The Outsourcing Contract must clearly state the
rights and obligations of the parties, and must be reviewed by Legal, and signed by an authorised
signatory in accordance with the Block, Inc. Global Signature and Delegation of Authority Policy.
The Service Recipient will be primarily responsible for monitoring the OSPs adherence to the terms
of these contracts with support from the Third Party and Outsourcing Risk Manager and the Third
Party Delivery Coordinator. All SIL Outsourcing Contracts must include the Outsourcing Annex
which is designed to ensure that the provisions set out in relevant regulatory guidance including
those in relation to termination, access, information and audit rights are captured in all Outsourcing
Contracts. Additionally, the outsourcing of intragroup services is addressed under the Global
Outsourcing Services Agreement (“GOSAˮ)3.
SIL will review and, where necessary, update Outsourcing Contracts in the following
circumstances:
● Periodic reviews in line with the requirements contained in this Policy and further detailed
in the SIL Outsourcing Procedure;
● Material changes to the nature or extent of the arrangement with OSP; and
● Any regulatory changes that occur that could impact the contract.
3 For further information on the Outsourcing Annex, please contact Legal Counsel. For further information on the GOSA please
contact Legal Counsel and Tax.

The Service Recipient is responsible for scheduling reviews of all Outsourcing Contracts, and for
ensuring that these reviews are conducted, including ensuring that renewals of Outsourcing
Contracts are conducted in a timely manner to ensure smooth transitions or continuity of service.
2.7.2 Outsourcing Register
The Central Bank has prescribed the form of Outsourcing Register to be used. The Third Party and
Outsourcing Risk Manager maintains this Outsourcing Register, which forms part of SILʼs
Outsourcing and Third Party Register. The Outsourcing Register must be available to the Central
Bank on request.
2.7.3 Regulatory Notification (if required)
SIL is required to make available to the CBI all information necessary to enable the CBI to execute
the effective supervision of SIL, including where required, a copy of any relevant Outsourcing
Agreement(s) entered into by SIL.
SIL is also required to notify the CBI of changes in its Critical Outsourcing Arrangements and with
information as requested, and therefore all documentation referenced in this Policy must be stored
in such a manner that it is available on demand if requested.
SIL must report to the CBI should material events occur in relation to SILʼs Critical Outsourcing
Arrangements. SIL will inform the CBI when the following occurs:
● Matters/events giving rise to a significant change to the outsourcing aspects of SILʼs
business model;
● When a material event occurs, which affects the provision of critical Outsourcing
Arrangements by an OSP; and
● When material breaches of contractual arrangements or SLAs arise which affects SIL in the
conduct of its regulated services or adversely affects SILʼs customers.
In addition, SIL is required to notify the CBI of all non-critical outsourcing arrangements. These
non-critical notifications will be submitted by email to the designated supervisory address and will
not require the completion of a formal outsourcing notification form.
It is the responsibility of the COO to identify these issues, and the CCO to determine whether a
notification to the CBI is required.
2.8 Conflicts of Interest
SIL has a Conflicts of Interest Policy in place. This policy sets out the measures within SIL to
identify, assess, and manage any actual or potential conflicts of interest that may arise as a result
of its Outsourcing Arrangements. Conflicts of interest inherent in Outsourcing Arrangements are, in
part, managed through having outsourcing contracts in place and documented SLAs that are
subject to ongoing monitoring and reporting. Where conflicts of interest are identified in relation to
an Outsourcing Arrangement, they must be managed in line with the requirements in the Conflicts
of Interest Policy, including by logging the conflict on the conflicts register. On an annual basis, the
Conflicts of Interest pertaining to Outsourcing Arrangements will be reviewed to look at any
measures taken to resolve or manage conflicts of interest (if any). If SIL determines that it is not
able to adequately mitigate the identified conflict, the Outsourcing Arrangement must be

declined/terminated. Please see the SIL Conflicts of Interest Policy for more details on
management of conflicts.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
SIL Governance Roles:
● Board of Directors ("the Board"): TThe Board of Directors of SIL (“the Boardˮ) has ultimate
responsibility for all aspects of outsourcing. The Board must ensure they have adequate
oversight and awareness of both current and proposed Outsourcing Arrangements, and the
appropriate skills and knowledge to provide effective oversight. The Board must ensure
that any Outsourcing Arrangement is in keeping with the overall business model and
strategic direction of the company, and that the framework is operating in line with
regulatory requirements.
● Regulatory Governance Committee ("RGC"): SIL has established a RGC. The primary
purpose of the Committee is to assist SILʼs executive Director(s), Chief Executive Officer
and other senior managers in relation to their oversight of SILʼs risk and compliance
management framework and current risk exposures.This Committee meets on a monthly
basis and the RGC delegates specific outsourcing responsibilities to the Outsourcing and
Resilience Oversight Committee, while still maintaining oversight. Any key outsourcing
issues will be reported to the RGC. It is the responsibility of the COO to ensure that
adequate risk-based management information relating to Outsourcing Arrangements and
the Outsourcing Framework, including the reporting of any outsourcing control issues,
breaches, or incidents, is provided to this Committee.
● Outsourcing and Resilience Oversight Committee ("OROC"): SILʼs OOC reviews all new
Outsourcing Arrangements, and approves all critical arrangements and oversees the
management and performance of existing Outsourcing Arrangements. The Committee
meets on a monthly basis, and reports to the RGC, including to update the RGC on the
results of Outsourcing assurance and monitoring activities, and to escalate any issues or
incidents.
First Line of Defence Roles:
● Chief Operating Officer ("COO"): The COO is responsible for managing the risks
associated with SILʼs Outsourcing Arrangements and operating the controls to manage
these risks, although some of the day-to-day control activities will be delegated to the
Third Party and Outsourcing Risk Manager.
● Service Recipient:The Service Recipient is responsible for the day to day management of
the service received from the OSP throughout the lifetime of the relationship, ensuring the
effective delivery and performance of these services.
● Risk Subject Matter Experts ("RSMEs"): The Risk Subject Matter Experts are responsible
for conducting due diligence on our third parties at the onboarding stage and throughout
the lifecycle of the relationship to ensure an effective control environment is in place. They

provide subject matter expertise on their respective risk areas and support the Third Party
Risk Management Program and Outsourcing Program in evaluating and mitigating risk.
● Legal Function: The Legal Function is responsible for ensuring any outsourcing contracts
are legally binding, in keeping with relevant contract law, the standards as described in this
Policy, and SILʼs business model.
Second Line of Defence Roles:
● Chief Risk Officer ("CRO"): The CRO is responsible for providing Second Line of Defence
oversight and challenge of all Outsourcing Arrangements using a risk-based approach..
● Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"):The CCO is responsible for Second Line of Defence
review of regulatory obligations in respect of Outsourcing; and challenge of the SIL
Outsourced arrangements to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and
alignment with industry best practice.
● Third-Party and Outsourcing Risk Manager ("TPORM"): The Third-Party and Outsourcing
Risk Manager is responsible for leading the development and implementation of the
Outsourcing Program (policy, procedures and guidelines) in accordance with regulatory
requirements, working closely with first line business stakeholders, risk, compliance and
legal to ensure the requirements are met.
● Third Party Delivery Coordinator ("TPDC"): The Third Party Delivery Coordinator supports
the TPORM and is responsible for the day to day oversight and coordination of services
received from intra-group services and holistic oversight of all external Third Party Service
Providers TPSPs and OSPs.
Third Line of Defence Roles:
● Internal Audit: Internal Audit is responsible for applying a risk-based approach to ensuring
that an assessment of the effectiveness of the performance of Outsourcing Arrangements
(and the controls required to mitigate associated risks) will be considered as part of
Internal Audit planning.
● Third Parties: An independent third-party review representative is responsible for
obtaining satisfactory assurance regarding SILʼs Outsourcing. The individuals performing a
third-party review should have the necessary skills and expertise to conduct the review
effectively and to comprehensively assess and report on the outcomes.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives.
3.2.1 Ongoing Monitoring
SIL must have in place appropriate mechanisms to oversee, monitor and assess the
appropriateness and performance of its Outsourcing Arrangements. Each Outsourcing
Arrangement is different and the appropriate measures to be applied will vary based on the details
of each arrangement.

SIL must conduct due diligence on OSPs prior to entering into the Outsourcing Arrangement, as
well as on a periodic basis. The frequency of the due diligence reviews depend on the risks and
criticality associated with the services. Critical services will be reviewed more frequently than low
risk services
The COO must ensure that SIL maintains adequate and risk-based monitoring of Outsourcing
Arrangements. On a day-to-day basis, the Service Recipient is primarily responsible for facilitating
this monitoring, with oversight and challenge coming from Second Line of Defence (e.g. Third
Party and Outsourcing Risk Manager and Third Party Delivery Coordinator) and Third Line of
Defence (e.g. Internal Audit).
Should ongoing monitoring activity identify instances in which an OSP is not delivering the
Outsourced Arrangement in line with SIL requirements or the Outsourcing Contract, the Service
Recipient in consultation with the TPDC, TPORM, COO and Legal is responsible for taking any
steps necessary. This may include liaising with the OSP on an action plan to remediate identified
issues, escalating this to a relevant SIL governance committee (up to and including the SIL Board),
or activating the termination clause in the Outsourcing Contract.
Outside of the annual reviews, the Outsourcing Service Recipient is required to advise the TPORM
should there be a proposed change in the nature of the outsourced service. The Service Recipient
must ensure that all relevant detail pertaining to the change in arrangement is provided to the
TPORM, to give the TPORM enough time to facilitate and oversee a reassessment of the service
and any additional due diligence and any notifications required to the regulator.
3.2.2 Incident Breach Reporting Structure
For all Outsourcing Arrangements, SIL must be informed by the OSP where outsourcing incidents
have occurred. Where identified, incidents and breaches must be discussed at the OOC and at the
RGC where required. SIL has defined what constitutes a material event/breach in its Incident
Severity Definitions and Thresholds (go/sevlevels) procedure. SIL maintains an incident register
that tracks all incidents (including outsourcing incidents), which contains information such as dates
of when the incident occurred and specific steps to resolve these incidents.
3.2.3 Reporting Management Information to Management / Board
SIL should ensure that appropriate management information is provided to the OOC, RGC and the
Board, which includes sufficient detail to enable those bodies to challenge the establishment and
oversight of Outsourcing, and to enable key decision makers to make informed decisions. The
COO is responsible for producing relevant management information on the nature of and outcomes
from ongoing monitoring of Outsourcing Arrangements, and providing this to the respective
bodies.
3.3 Training
SIL must ensure that all Staff, senior management and the Board have sufficient knowledge and
understanding of Outsourcing and the associated risks. The TPORM, with oversight from the COO,
is responsible for the development and delivery of a risk-based outsourcing training program
within SIL. At a minimum, SIL shall provide tailored/specific tailored training to the employees and
departments based on their involvement in outsourcing processes, and will provide refresher

training on an annual basis. All members of the Board of Directors will also receive outsourcing
training on an annual basis.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
Additionally, records related to compliance with this Policy, including but not limited to due
diligence completed on OSPs, criticality and risk assessments, must be stored in a manner in
which they can be made available to review promptly, and retained in line with SILʼs record
retention practices.
3.5 Non-Compliance
Non-Compliance with this Policy, whether negligent or intentional, will be taken seriously. Failure to
report any knowledge or suspicion of malpractice, wrongdoing or impropriety at work may
constitute misconduct.
Any Staff Member who has concerns that the requirements under this Policy are not being met are
encouraged to ‘speak upʼ by raising an issue with their line manager or following the reporting
procedures set out in the SIL Speak Up Policy.
3.5 Exceptions
Exceptions to this document must be pre-approved by the CCO. Staff members may submit
exception requests for review at go/policyhelp. Exemptions should be narrow in scope and clearly
identify the specific requirement, geography, and business group or stakeholders covered by the
exemption. A record of all exemptions applied for, and granted, must be maintained by the TPORM.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: This policy is owned by the Chief Compliance Officer CCO. The CCO is responsible
for the establishment and implementation of the Outsourcing Policy requirements. They ensure at a
minimum that this Policy is reviewed annually, to ensure it continues to align with SILʼs outsourcing
strategy, control framework, and the regulatory environment. Any updates to the Policy will need to
be approved by the CCO. If there is a substantive change that necessitates an update to this Policy
outside of the annual review, these changes will be reviewed and approved by the OOC.
For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy Owner.

Review related documents:
● SIL Outsourcing Procedure
● Block, Inc Breach/Incident Policy
● SIL Conflict of Interest Policy
● SI Speak Up Policy
● Block, Inc Enterprise Risk Management Program ERMP
● SIL Outsourcing and Third Party Register.
● SIL Outsourcing Contract template
● SIL Outsourcing Risk Assessment Methodology
● SIL Outsourcing and Criticality Assessment Tool.
● SIL Risk Register
● SIL Risk Appetite Statement RAS
● SIL Incident Severity Definitions and Thresholds
● SIL Outsourcing Strategy
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This policy will be approved and reviewed by the Board, at least annually.
The SIL Board is responsible for ensuring adequate oversight of all Outsourcing Arrangements. All
Outsourcing Arrangements are required to meet the standards set out in this Policy.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Elizabeth Henry EU Chief Initial Approval June 9, 2023
Compliance
Officer
SIL Board Squareup Initial Approval June 2023
International
Limited Q2'2023
Board Meeting
Elizabeth Henry EU Chief Scheduled Summarised September 3,
Compliance Review roles and 2024
Officer responsibilities
and moved the
SIL Board Board Approval Scheduled detail to the September 25,
Review Outsourcing 2024
Procedure
Document

Approver Title Type Description Date
Elizabeth Henry EU Chief Scheduled Minor updates to Sep 11, 2025
Compliance Review the policy, and
Officer transitioned to
new block
template
SIL Board Board Approval September 25,
2025
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope EU
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner EU Chief Compliance Officer
Approved By SIL Board of Directors
Document Tier Tier 2