Custody and Liquidity Management Policy
Block Inc.
Last Approved: Mar 25, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 25, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Policy outlines the principles and practices for the custody and
liquidity management of Supported Digital Assets at Block, Inc. ("Block"). The implementation of
these principles and practices ensure that Block both abides by the laws and regulations that its
Supported Digital Assets products are subject to and adopts industry-leading standards and best
practices. The development, approval, implementation and ownership of these principles and
practices are primarily the responsibility of the Supported Digital Assets Platform Team (“BitPlatˮ
Team).
The core standards and best practices are anchored in five key areas: Infrastructure, Security,
Trading, Operations and Integrity. Each area is managed by dedicated teams with specialized
expertise in their respective domains.
In collaboration with the BitPlat Team and Business Partners, the Block Risk and Controls Team has
memorialized the principles and practices documented in this Policy.
Block is required to conduct business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The
purpose of this Policy is to document Blockʼs principles and practices so as to evidence
compliance with such applicable laws, regulations, industry standards and agreed upon best
practices.
Scope: The Policy sets out Blockʼs approach for and is applicable to the custody and liquidity
management of Supported Digital Assets.
1

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Cold Storage Cold Wallets are self-custodial and used to store digital assets offline.
Also known as
Cold Wallets)
Custody The act of safeguarding digital assets.
Gateway Wallet Gateway Wallet is a hot wallet that we refer to as “gatewayˮ because it's only
used for transfer out of Cold Storage. The wallet is used by Treasury to
interimly hold funds with the intention of eventually moving some or all funds
to the Hot Wallet.
Hot Storage Hot Wallets are connected to the internet and are used to store, send and
Also known as receive digital assets.
Hot Wallet)
Joiners, Movers A process that manages the entire lifecycle of an organizationʼs employee.
and Leavers This consists of new hires Joiners), internal transitions Movers and
(“JMLˮ) departures Leavers).
Staff Members An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired
Also referred as by Block, Inc. who supports the operations covered by this Policy.
Staff)
Supported Supported Digital Assets are limited to cryptocurrencies that are supported
Digital Asset and operationally managed by Blockʼs Bitcoin Platform Team in coordination
with its partners.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1. Custody Management
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations; Block is responsible for deploying technology
infrastructure, security and operational mechanisms that ensure responsible processing, handling
and safekeeping of information within its ecosystem. Processing, handling and safekeeping of
Supported Digital Assets, within Blockʼs ecosystem, is managed with technology components,
security prevention and detection methods and operational support and enforcement.
2

2.1.1 Infrastructure
Technology infrastructure, which is composed of hardware, software and networks, enables
systems, staff and customers to perform operational actions across Blockʼs ecosystem.
The Platform Engineering Team designs and implements the necessary infrastructure to participate
across both Block and Supported Digital Assetsʼs ecosystems collaboratively and responsibly. The
teamʼs remit includes the following:
● Build, implementation and maintenance of infrastructure in accordance with policies and
standards;
● Build, implementation and maintenance of Supported Digital Assets storage options: Cold
Storage, Gateway Wallet and Hot Storage;
● Development, implementation and maintenance of code, which enforces business logic
rules regarding:
○ Asset Segregation
○ Custody, withdrawal and transfer
○ Settlement
○ Reconciliation
○ Liquidity Management and;
● Ensures the availability and reliability of the infrastructureʼs components.
2.1.2 Security Engineering
Cybersecurity teams are responsible for protecting Blockʼs technology ecosystem and the
sensitive data that it intakes, processes and stores. This is accomplished by implementing security
measures that ensure technical and operational standards and practices are in place to
immediately mitigate potential breaches to Blockʼs infrastructure.
The Security Engineering Team designs, implements and maintains safeguards, specific to Blockʼs
Supported Digital Assets products, that mitigates potential breaches and suspicious activity. At
times, the Security Engineering Team relies on or collaborates with other internal cybersecurity
teams to design, implement and maintain security measures. The team is responsible for:
● The creating, storing and management of cryptographic keys;
● Designing, implementing and maintaining code that enforces business logic for user roles
and their access;
● Continuous monitoring of infrastructure to identify potential security threats, unusual
behaviors and/or unauthorized access and;
● Penetration Testing; which allows Block to proactively find and fix security issues before
malicious attacks can occur.
2.1.3 Custody Operations
The Business Operations Teams, at Block, manage the day-to-day operations of their assigned
remit. These teams are typically responsible for developing and operationalizing processes that
3

support, enforce and maintain adherence to relevant laws and regulations, Blockʼs Policies and
Standards and business goals.
The Custody Operations Team is responsible for the operational handling of Supported Digital
Assets stored and transferred across Blockʼs ecosystem. This includes:
● Develop processes and business rules that support and enforce the operational handling of
Supported Digital Assets; including storage and transfer of Supported Digital Assets across
wallets and Service Level Agreements SLAs;
● Ensure wallets maintain a sufficient amount of Supported Digital Assets, as identified in
documented policies, procedures and/or processes;
● Identify, train and monitor Operators;
● Manage notifications, to relevant teams, of Leavers, Joiners and Movers JML)and;
● Lead engagement of internal and external auditors and compliance professionals.
2.2. Liquidity Management
Supported Digital Assets trading involves the buying and selling of cryptocurrency. Assets
allocated for buying and selling activities are stored in Blockʼs hot wallets. These wallets are
constantly connected to the internet and are primarily used for quick access; which makes it ideal
for frequent trading and everyday transactions.
The Trading Operations Team is responsible for monitoring buy and sell activities. By monitoring
these activities, it allows the team to ensure hot wallets have sufficient liquidity to accommodate
both Blockʼs and its customerʼs trading activities. In partnership with Blockʼs Treasury Team, the
Trading Team is responsible for ensuring hot walletsʼ liquidity by developing and maintaining
processes and procedures that:
● Identify and facilitate onboarding of liquidity providers. These partners are engaged so that
Block can buy and sell Supported Digital Assets. Liquidity partners typically are OTC desks,
market makers or prime brokers;
● Ensure sufficient liquidity is maintained in the hot wallets;
● Ensure trades are settled in a timely fashion;
● Document audit and reconciliation activities and reporting of Block and customer owned
Supported Digital Assets and;
● Mitigate pricing risks.
2.3. Business Partners
In order to satisfy the requirements documented in this Policy, some reliance may be placed on
other internal Block teams to support and enforce the operational activities, continuity and
availability of Blockʼs Supported Digital Assets ecosystem.
4

2.3.1 Funding
The Treasury Team supports the processing of transfers, withdrawals and both the reconciliation
and settlement of funds. Operational support comes in the form of funding wallets, reconciliation
and settlement activities. The roles, responsibilities and support activities are documented in
Treasuryʼs policies, processes and procedures. The Supported Digital Assets operational support
that falls in Treasuryʼs remit includes:
● Wallet funding and funding management protocols and enforcement;
● Reconciliation of wallet and ledger balances and;
● Settlement of transactions with liquidity providers.
2.3.2 Continuity and Reliability
To ensure both operational continuity and the reliability of infrastructure components, in addition to
complying with Blockʼs obligations under Title 23 of the New York Codes, Rules and Regulations
(“NYCRRˮ) 200.17, operational and technical teams are required to participate in annual business
impact analysis BIA processes; owned by Blockʼs Global Business Resilience Team. These
assessments are a key input into providing assurances that Block has the necessary capabilities to
recover in cases of disruption.
Blockʼs Supported Digital Assets core and support teams adhere to the policies, processes and
procedures set forth by Blockʼs Business Resilience teams, which provide assurance of operational
continuity and disaster recovery capabilities; in cases of operational disruption. Related policies
include, but are not limited to Blockʼs Disaster Recovery Policy and Blockʼs Global Business
Resilience Policy.
2.3.2.1 Business Continuity
To ensure operational continuity; operational functions across Block are required to participate in
the Business Impact Assessment BIA process. The process, which is documented and owned by
the Business Continuity Team, assesses operational teamsʼ capabilities to continue in event of
disruption. Blockʼs operational teams participation frequency, assessment and documentation of
risks, gaps and responses are owned and driven by the Business Continuity Team. The output of
the participation, commonly known as the Business Continuity Plan BCP, is created and owned
by the Global Business Continuity Team. The BCP is shared with the operational teams and serves
as a requirement; in cases of operational disruption.
2.3.2.2 Disaster Recovery
To ensure the reliability of technical infrastructure, in cases of disruption that impacts
infrastructure components, Blockʼs technical teams are required to adhere to the requirements
listed in Blockʼs Global Disaster Recovery Policy. The Policy details requirements that must be
considered when responding and recovering from significant events or disasters impacting
technology components. The Policy requirements, identified below, speak to technology
assessments that are performed as necessary inputs into disaster planning:
5

● Inventory Assessment
● Risk Assessment
● Business Impact Assessment
The output from the assessment, commonly known as the Disaster Recovery Plan, is shared with
the technical teams and serves as a requirement; in cases of disruption.
2.4. Risk Management
Risk Management of the Supported Digital Assets ecosystem is jointly owned by Business,
Operational, Legal, Regulatory, Risk and Audit Teams. These teams, in partnership, ensure the
soundness and effectiveness of the ecosystem. The key risk management inputs used to measure
and ensure ecosystem soundness and effectiveness are Governance, Oversight and Assurance.
2.4.1 Governance
Proper governance ensures that risk-based frameworks and standards are in place; so that work
being performed is in alignment with strategic, legal and regulatory objectives. These frameworks
and standards also identify Directly Responsible Individuals DRIs who are accountable for
ensuring that the requirements documented in governance documents are executed accordingly.
Currently, Governance is the shared responsibility of the Business, Operations and Risk Teams.
Each team is entrusted to design bespoke frameworks that guide decision making and
implementation and/or standards that define specific measurable requirements.
Supported Digital Assets specific frameworks and standards are limited to the following teams and
are designed within the constraints of Blockʼs global policies:
● Product Management ensures that products and services are developed in a structured
process, resulting in products that both meet customer needs and achieve Blockʼs strategic
goals;
● Platform Integrity ensures the Bitplat platform is operating ethically, securely and is in line
with its intended purpose and;
● Risk and Compliance Teams set the overall approach of how risk will be managed.
2.4.1.1 Regulatory and Legal Advisory
The governance teams engage with Blockʼs Legal and Regulatory Foundational teams, when
appropriate, to seek guidance as it relates to laws and regulations that impact how governance is
exercised.
2.4.2 Oversight
Risk and Compliance Teams provide oversight by designing and implementing processes that
monitor and ensure compliance with global policies, bespoke risk management frameworks and
standards.
6

Compliance with these policies, frameworks and standards are reported to the Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee ARC.
2.4.3 Assurance
Internal Audit, External Auditors and/or Risk Management teams provide confidence, also referred
to as Assurance, that the business controls in place enforcing operational requirements are
adequately designed and operating effectively.
Assurance is acquired primarily through control testing. Control testing results are shared with the
business, risk partners and ARC. Control testing reporting highlights the effectiveness or
ineffectiveness of the businessʼs control environment.
2.5. Document Owner
This document is owned by the Business Product Compliance and Partnerships, Bitcoin Lead.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
Block, Inc. Roles:
● Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee ARC
○ A committee, comprised of senior leaders at Block that is responsible for regulatory
compliance, risk management and internal controls oversight.
● Bitcoin Platform Team Also known as the BitPlat Team)
○ The BitPlat Team consists of: Custody Operations, Operators, Platform Integrityand
Trading Operations. Collaboratively, these teams are responsible for the operational
capabilities that support the custody and liquidity management of Supported Digital
Assets at Block.
● Bitcoin Engineering Team Also known as BitPlat Engineering)
○ Responsible for providing technical infrastructure that supports custody and
trading operational activities.
● Business Partners
○ The Bitcoin Platform Team collaborates with several internal Block teams to execute
operational activities, ensure ecosystem resiliency, and implement effective and
compliant risk management practices. These teams include: Global Business
Resilience, Global Disaster Recovery, Regulatory, Counsel, Risk and Compliance
and Treasury Operations.
● Custody Operations Team
○ Responsible for the operational handling of Blockʼs supported digital assets.
● Global Business Resilience Team
7

○ Responsible for ensuring that Block Product and Functional teams are able to
continue operations in the event of an operational disruption through the
development of Business Continuity Plans BCPs based on product level business
impact analysis BIAs.
● Global Disaster Recovery Team DR Team)
○ Responsible for ensuring a structured approach for planning, responding to, and
recovering from significant events or disasters impacting systems and applications
that disrupt business operations.
● Operators
○ Certain internal Block Staff Members responsible for providing authorized,
in-person, multi-signature transfer of Supported Digital Assets between the Cold
Wallets and Gateway Wallets.
● Platform Integrity Team
○ Responsible for designing, implementing and maintaining preventive and detective
measures that ensure the security, reliability and trustworthiness of the Supported
Digital Assets platform.
● Regulatory and Counsel Teams
○ Responsible for providing advisory services and guidance to teams that support
Blockʼs Supported Digital Assets product offerings and supporting processes and
technologies.
● Risk and Compliance Teams
○ Responsible for managing Blockʼs governance, risk and compliance efforts.
● Security Engineering Team
○ Primarily responsible for designing and implementing code that protects Block
systems and the customers that use its systems from external attackers and
internal compromise.
● Trading Operations Team
○ Responsible for both identifying and evaluating banking and liquidity partners,
trade execution and managing liquidity for hot wallets.
● Treasury Operations Team
○ Responsible for the withdrawals and settlement of all digital assets and related USD
transactions.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance and
objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance will
provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
8

3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Policy Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Policy please contact the Policy Owner.
Review related documents:
● Block Disaster Recovery Policy
● Block Global Business Resiliency Policy
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
9

Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Tina Brister Risk and Controls, Creation Initial creation of February 10, 2025
Program Manager document
Laurence Ad… Head, BitPlat Initial Appro… Initial creation of March 20, 2025
Platform document
Kelly Zigaitis Head of Initial Appro… Initial creation of March 20, 2025
Compliance, document
Emerging
Business
Compliance Committee Initial Appro… Initial creation of April 1, 2025
Policy document
Committee
Compliance Compliance Scheduled R… Non - material March 25, 2026
Policy Policy Committee changes to
Committee provide clarity;
changed
document
co-ownership
from Kelly
Zigaitis and
Laurence Ad…
to Liat Shetret ;
updated Support
Digital Asset
definition from
Bitcoin only to be
inclusive of all
cryptocurrencies
that are
supported and
operationally;
managed by
BitPlat;
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Governance
10

Document Owner Business Product Compliance and Partnerships, Bitcoin
Lead
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2
11