Fitness and Propriety Standard
Clearpay Finance Limited
Last Approved: Mar 25, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 25, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Fitness and Propriety Standard (“Standardˮ) outlines Clearpay
Finance Limitedʼs (“CFLˮ) approach to Fitness and Propriety of all staff members acting in the role
of either a Significant Management Function (“SMFˮ) or Certified Function (“Certifiedˮ) under the
Senior Managers and Certification Regime (“SMCRˮ), a UK Regulation under the Financial Conduct
Authority (“FCAˮ). The Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ) is responsible for management of this
Standard.
CFL conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. This Standard
outlines the process by which CFL seeks to ensure that this Standard is to individuals acting as a
SMF, a Certified individual or a non-executive director role have been appropriately assessed as
being suitable to perform the role in line with the FCAʼs Fit and Proper (“F&Pˮ) requirements. These
requirements are outlined in the FCAʼs Fit and Proper test for Employees and Senior Personnel FIT
2.
Scope: The Standard applies to any staff member carrying out a role that has been assessed as
being capable of causing significant harm to CFL, the broader market or its customers. These
individuals may or may not be in a Senior Management position, but the nature of their role is
considered to have significant management responsibility and/or is within a significant business
unit. This applies regardless of contract of employment or geographical location.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
CFL Clearpay Finance Limited
1

An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor,
Staff Member(s) contractors) hired by the Company who supports the operations
covered by this Standard
FCA The Financial Conduct Authority
Senior Managers and
Certification Regime The FCAʼs UK regulatory framework for individual accountability
(“SMCRˮ)
Significant Management
Key leadership roles requiring FCA pre-approval under SMCR
Function (“SMFˮ)
Certified
Function/Certified Roles requiring annual certification by the firm under SMCR
Individual
Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Directors are subject to SMCR, even where not SMF
(“NEDˮ) holders and subject to FCA pre-approval
Fit and Proper (“F&Pˮ) The regulatory standard for assessing individual suitability
Statement of
Document outlining SMF duties and accountabilities
Responsibilities (“SoRˮ)
FCA rules governing individual behaviour requirements for all staff
Conduct Rules
members
Mandatory employment references covering 6 years of history that
financial services firms need to share with each other when an
Regulatory References employee or director moves from one firm to another (for
candidates of Senior Managers Functions, Non-Executive Directors
and Certification Functions)
Disclosure and Barring
UK criminal record checking service
Service (“DBSˮ)
County Court Judgement
Court orders for unpaid debts
(“CCJˮ)
Individual Voluntary
Formal debt repayment agreements
Arrangements (“IVAsˮ)
2

Continuing Professional
Ongoing training and skill development requirements
Development (“CPDˮ)
Event-driven assessment F&P review triggered by specific circumstances or incidents
Assessment of an individualʼs ability to manage personal finances
Financial soundness
responsibly
Verification of an individualʼs credit history and financial standing
Credit checks
2. Standard Requirements
2.1. Core Principles of Fitness and Propriety
The FCA will assess the F&P of SMFs. The firm is expected to assess the F&P of Certified Individuals
and non-SMF Non-Executive Directors. The following three pillars form the assessment:
Honesty, Integrity, and Reputation
This involves considering if the individual has been open and honest in their dealings with the firm and
regulators. It includes:
● checks for any criminal record (especially relating to financial crime or dishonesty),
● adverse findings from previous regulatory bodies, significant civil actions (e.g., disqualification
as a director); and
● any other information that could call their integrity into question.
Regulatory references are a key part of this.
Competence and Capability
This assesses whether the individual has the necessary skills, knowledge, and experience to perform
the specific SMF, Certified Individual or NED role effectively. It involves verifying qualifications, training,
and experience relevant to the responsibilities they will undertake. It also considers their track record in
previous roles and their understanding of the regulatory landscape and the specific business area they
will oversee.
3

Financial Soundness
This assesses whether the individual has managed their own financial affairs properly. Significant
financial difficulties, such as County Court Judgements CCJs, bankruptcy, or Individual Voluntary
Arrangements IVAs, could indicate that an individual is not financially sound, especially if the role
involves managing client money or significant financial decision-making. However, the context of any
financial issues is important and will be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Evidence requirements
Firms must collect extra evidence when assessing candidates for Senior Manager positions,
Certification Functions or NED roles (even if not a Senior Manager). These are explained below.
2.2. Frequency and type of F&P Assessments for SMFs, Certified Individuals and
non-SMF NEDs
Feature Senior Management Functions Certified Individuals Certification
SMFs Functions) and Non-Executive
Directors
Primary Assessor The Firm The Firm
Decision maker FCA The Firm
Regulatory Interaction Firm assesses F&P; FCA assesses Firm assesses F&P; Firm certifies
F&P and approves or rejects the individual annually. No direct FCA
individual to perform SMF role. Firm approval for certification.
attests F&P to FCA.
Initial F&P Assessment Mandatory by the Firm before Mandatory by the Firm before
individual is proposed to FCA for individual starts performing the
approval. Certification Function.
Frequency of Formal Ongoing duty. Best Mandatory at least annually by the firm
Review practice/expected: at least annually (leading to issuance of a certificate).
by the firm.
Event-Driven Yes. Required if new information Yes. Required if new information arises
Assessment arises affecting F&P (e.g., conduct affecting F&P between annual
breach, financial issues). certifications.
Core F&P Criteria 1. Honesty, Integrity & Reputation 1. Honesty, Integrity & Reputation
2. Competence & Capability 2. Competence & Capability
3. Financial Soundness 3. Financial Soundness
Typical Checks Initial) ● Identity & Right to Work ● Identity & Right to Work
4

Feature Senior Management Functions Certified Individuals Certification
SMFs Functions) and Non-Executive
Directors
● Regulatory References 6 years, ● Regulatory References (as per
mandatory template) SYSC 22 if applicable, focus on
● Criminal Record Checks DBS role)
● Credit Checks ● Criminal Record Checks DBS,
● Directorship Checks proportionate to role)
● Qualification/Experience ● Credit Checks (proportionate)
Verification ● Qualification/Experience
● Interviews Verification
● Self-Declarations ● Interviews
● Self-Declarations
Typical Checks ● Performance Review ● Performance Review
Ongoing/Annual) ● Adherence to Conduct Rules ● Adherence to Conduct Rules
● CPD Review ● CPD Review
● Conflicts of Interest Review ● Competence assessment for the
● Self-Declarations role
● Review of internal/external ● Conflicts of Interest Review
findings ● Self-Declarations
● Potentially credit/DBS checks if ● Review of any
triggered complaints/disciplinary issues
Outcome of ● Firm attestation to FCA for ● Issuance of an annual certificate
Assessment approval. by the firm.
● Internal F&P record maintained. ● Internal F&P record maintained.
● Inclusion in FCAʼs register of ● Inclusion in FCA register of
SMFs. Certified Individuals.
Key Documentation ● Statement of Responsibilities ● Certificate of Fitness & Propriety
SoR ● F&P assessment records &
● F&P assessment records & evidence
evidence ● Job description defining scope of
● Handover notes Certification Function
Responsibility for Subject to Tier 1 Individual) and Tier Subject to Tier 1 Individual) Conduct
Conduct 2 Senior Manager) Conduct Rules. Rules. NEDs are also subject to Senior
Manager Conduct Rule 4 SC4.
Notification to FCA ● Firm must notify FCA if an SMF is ● No direct notification for F&P status
no longer F&P. unless it leads to a Conduct Rule
● Firm must notify the FCA if the breach reportable to FCA or
SMF is exiting the firm. impacts regulatory references.
● Breaches of Conduct Rules by
5

Feature Senior Management Functions Certified Individuals Certification
SMFs Functions) and Non-Executive
Directors
SMFs.
2.3. SMF, Certified Individual and NED F&P Assessment
Pre-Approval Initial Assessment)
A thorough F&P assessment must be conducted before appointing the individual to the role in question.
In addition:
● For a SMF this assessment must be completed before the individual is proposed to the FCA for
approval as an SMF. The firm must attest to the FCA that they are satisfied the candidate is fit
and proper.
● For a Certified Individual the firm must attest that they are satisfied the individual is fit and
proper to perform the function for which they are certified on a formal record of certification.
Ongoing Assessment
CFL has an ongoing duty to ensure these individuals continue to be Fit and Proper. CFL must conduct a
formal F&P assessment for these individuals at least annually with adequate records and evidence
stored and retrievable. The FCA Handbook does not prescribe a fixed frequency or method for
reassessment. In addition:
● CFL must re-certify its Certified Individuals as fit and proper to perform the role for which they
have been certified at least annually.
Event-Driven Assessments
An F&P assessment should also be triggered whenever new information comes to light that could
potentially impact the individualʼs fitness and propriety. This could include:
● A breach of Conduct Rules.
● Concerns raised during performance appraisals.
● New conflicts of interest.
● Significant personal events (e.g., declaration of bankruptcy).
● Information received through whistleblowing.
● Adverse findings from internal investigations or external reviews (such as an FCA s166 review).
● For SMFs only, temporary extended unavailability of 12 weeks or longer (e.g. parental leave,
long-term sickness).
Level of Check Required
The level and depth of checks should be proportionate to the role and its responsibilities.
6

● Initial Assessment Pre-Approval):
○ Identity Verification: Confirming who the individual is.
○ Right to Work: Ensuring they are eligible to work in the UK.
○ Regulatory References: Mandatory for the past six years of employment from all
previous employers where that employer is a FCA or PRA regulated firm (this includes if
the role they performed was not a regulated role). Firms must use the FCA's prescribed
template.
○ Criminal Record Checks: Disclosure and Barring Service DBS checks (or equivalent
for international candidates) are essential, focusing on offences related to honesty,
integrity, or financial crime.
○ Credit Checks: To assess financial soundness, particularly for roles with financial
responsibility.
○ Directorship Checks: To see if the individual has been disqualified or has a history of
involvement with failed companies.
○ Verification of Qualifications and Experience: Checking claimed qualifications and
employment history.
○ Interviews: To assess competence, capability, and understanding of the role's
responsibilities and regulatory obligations.
○ Self-Declarations: Requiring the candidate to disclose any information relevant to their
F&P.
● Ongoing Assessment (e.g., Annually and Event-Driven):
○ Review of Performance: Assessing their performance in the role and their adherence to
the following:
■ Responsibilities as described in the Statement of Responsibilities for SMFs;
■ Responsibilities as described in the Personal Certificate for Certified
Individuals;
■ Responsibilities as described in the Job Description for NEDs.
○ Adherence to Conduct Rules: Reviewing any conduct breaches or concerns.
○ Continuing Professional Development CPD Ensuring they are maintaining their
competence.
○ Conflicts of Interest Review: Checking for any new or changed conflicts.
○ Self-Declarations: Requiring the SMF to re-confirm their F&P status and disclose any
new relevant information.
○ Financial Soundness Checks: While a full credit check might not be done annually
unless there's a trigger, firms should have a process to identify potential issues (e.g.,
through self-declarations or other information).
○ Review of any internal or external findings: E.g., audit reports, compliance monitoring
results that may pertain to the SMF's area of responsibility or conduct.
7

3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
● CFL Board - Holds ultimate responsibility for ensuring CFL complies with its regulatory
obligations, including Fitness and Propriety.
● Human Resources HR - Supports Fitness & Propriety processes, including recruitment
checks, F&P assessments, training administration, and disciplinary procedures related to
Conduct Rule breaches.
● Chief Compliance Officer CCO
○ Sets the standard of compliance (outlined in this document) required to meet
regulatory expectations in relation to Fitness and Propriety.
○ Provides support to stakeholders involved in the activities outlined in this Standard.
○ Provides training to relevant staff to ensure that employees are aware of their
obligations.
○ Conducts monitoring and testing activity to validate compliance with the
requirements of this Standard.
○ Reports on compliance with this Standard.
○ The CCO may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and implement
procedures and reporting that support this Standard.
● Senior Managers SMFs, Certified Individuals and Non-Executive Directors - Must meet
and maintain F&P standards, comply with Conduct Rules, and undertake required training.
● Legal Counsel - The Companyʼs legal counsel provides interpretative advice regarding the
applicability and application of the requirements of this Standard to the Companyʼs
business and operational activities.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
Periodically, and at least annually, the Standard Owner and/or their designee will assess compliance
with the requirements in the standard. This will typically be carried out via Compliance Monitoring or
Testing activity.
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the CFL Board and Executive
Management. Updates will also be shared with the Block, Inc. Board where applicable.Reporting may
cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/regulatory supervision findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
8

3.3. Training
All relevant staff will receive training at least annually covering applicable requirements and guidance
to implement this Standard effectively. All training activities are monitored by the Compliance Team
and are outlined in the Compliance Training & Competence Standard.
3.4. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Standard, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws
and regulations. Standard exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained
with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to
the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform
Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Standard, please contact the Standard Owner.
Review related documents:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Block Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
● Clearpay Senior Managers and Certification Regime SMCR & Conduct Rules Policy
● Compliance Training & Competence Standard
Related References:
● SUP 10C FCA senior managers regime for approved persons in SMCR firms
● FIT Fit and Proper test for Employees and Senior Personnel FIT 2
● FCAʼs Conduct Rules COCON
9

5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Adrienne La… Clearpay Chief Creation New Document Feb 25, 2026
Compliance
Officer
Document Details:
Business Clearpay Finance Limited
Scope Entity
Compliance Domain Governance
Document Owner Amanda Ettridge Compliance Senior Manager, Clearpay
UK
Approved By Adrienne Lamond Clearpay Chief Compliance Officer
Document Tier Tier 3
10