Model Governance Policy
Block
Published November 2023

Table of Contents
Table of Contents 2
Introduction 3
Definitions 4
Roles & Responsibilities 5
Scope 5
Key Regulatory Guidance 6
Typology Coverage Assessment 6
Model Development 6
Model Change Management 7
Model Maintenance 7
Model Validation 7
Document Management 8
Document Owner 8
Scheduled Review & Ad-Hoc Maintenance 8
Exceptions 8
Related Documents 8
Revision & Approval History 8
Document Details 8
Model Validation Policy | Block 2

Introduction
Block Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively “Block”) uses certain technologies to support its
management of financial crimes-related risks. These technologies include certain filtering and
monitoring systems and models to detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, and
sanctions evasion activities.
Block will comply with the New York State Department of Financial Services’s (NYDFS) Part 504
provisions as well as other international laws, regulations, and expected standards and accordingly
maintain this Model Validation Policy (the “Policy”), which will oversee Block’s model governance
framework and provide guidance on how Block will incorporate the following practices, for the
anti-money laundering (AML) transaction monitoring models and watchlist screening and filtering
technologies:
● On an annual basis, Block elects to perform a coverage assessment on applicable key financial
crimes models to test against expected levels of conceptual soundness;
● Block performs periodic reviews and testing of the accuracy of its transaction monitoring and
filtering and screening systems as well as their alignment to the Global AML and
Counter-Terrorist Financing Policy and the Global Sanctions Policy, and their corresponding
key programs;
● Block maintains key model, system, and data-related documentation for Block’s AML
transaction monitoring system and watchlist screening and filtering systems1;
● Block maintains robust oversight through mandated review and approval processes for any
changes to its transaction monitoring system and watchlist screening and filtering systems,
from the relevant money laundering reporting officers (MLROs) and delegates of the Bank
Secrecy Act (“BSA”)/AML Compliance Officer; and
● Block elects to conduct an independent assessment to assist the BSA/AML Compliance Officer
in accurately attesting for the annual NYDFS Part 504 certifications.
This Policy is established by Block and is applicable globally across all Block business lines,
subsidiaries, and jurisdictions. References to “staff” throughout this document shall refer to all
full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including interns, temps, consultants,
1 Separately, Block maintains appropriate documentation relating to the procedures for the adjudication, investigation and
escalating of outputs from our model systems and processes.
Model Validation Policy | Block 3

vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Definitions
Model A quantitative method, system, or approach
that applies statistical, economic, financial, or
mathematical theories, techniques, and
assumptions to process input data into
quantitative estimates. A model consists of
three components: an information input
component, which delivers assumptions and
data to the model; a processing component,
which transforms inputs into estimates; and a
reporting component, which translates the
estimates into useful business information.
Model Tuning A subset of model validation, which is a
process to determine that a defined model is
optimized to deliver effective results, per
predefined performance metrics.
Model Validation Set of standards for independent validation of
Block’s BSA/AML and OFAC Sanctions
program to identify areas for improvement
and increase confidence of Block’s TM and
Sanctions models, and determine that a
defined model is working as designed and to
documented and approved specifications.
Money Laundering The process by which individuals attempt to
conceal and disguise the true nature of illegal
proceeds through phases known as
placement, layering, and integration.
Terrorist Financing The process of raising money to carry out
terrorist activities, the funds of which may be
derived from unlawful or legitimate sources,
such as personal donations and profits from
businesses and charitable organizations.
Watchlist Screening Watchlist screening is the process of checking
individuals and entities against global
watchlists, including but not limited to
sanctions, Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs),
and adverse media.
Model Validation Policy | Block 4

Roles & Responsibilities
BSA/AML Compliance Officer The BSA/AML Compliance Officer is a suitably
experienced and qualified person who is
appointed by the Block Board of Directors and
who is responsible for oversight of day-to-day
AML compliance.
Global Policy and Governance The Global Policy and Governance Team
oversees the Policy and manages its
corresponding requirements for key
compliance models.
Model Risk Management Team (MRM) The Model Risk Management team is
responsible for operational oversight of
in-scope models and performs a review of
changes during the validation stage.
BU Compliance and Operations Teams BU Compliance and Operations teams are
end users of the in-scope models and provide
business requirements and feedback to the
model output.
Technology Owners Technology Owners maintain and manage
the technical requirements and specifications
and ensure the in-scope models reflect the
business requirements from the BU
Compliance and Operations Teams.
Scope
The scope of this document includes the key models related to financial crimes risk detection,
monitoring, and reporting:
● AML Transaction Monitoring System;
● Watchlist Screening and Filtering Systems;
● Customer Risk Rating Models; and
● Other key detection, monitoring, and reporting systems or models.
In accordance with NYDFS 504 provisions, other international laws and best practices, Block
maintains a model risk management program to oversee and manage its use of these filtering
systems and models. In particular, Block complies with NYDFS 504 in managing and maintaining its
AML transaction monitoring system and watchlist screening and filtering systems.
Model Validation Policy | Block 5

Key Regulatory Guidance
Block complies with the following domestic and international laws and regulatory guidelines as
related to Model Validation and Model Risk Management.
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Model Risk Management, Comptroller's
(“OCC”) Handbook
New York State Department of Financial NYSDFS Part 504 Provisions
Services
Federal Reserve Bank Interagency Statement on Model Risk
Management for Bank Systems
Supporting Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money
Laundering Compliance (April 9, 2021)
Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) A Framework for OFAC Compliance
Commitment
Typology Coverage Assessment
Block performs a Typology Coverage Assessment on its AML transaction monitoring rules to ensure
coverage of the risk flags and corresponding typologies for suspicious activities indicative of money
laundering and terrorist financing. The Typology Coverage Assessment is performed annually, and
the corresponding results from the analyses are documented in a report along with a remediation
plan to address any risk coverage gaps found in the assessment. While the Typology Coverage
Assessment is owned by the appropriate BU Compliance and Operations Teams, it is closely related
as input to the models considered to be governed by this Policy.
Model Development
When a need is identified to design, develop, and implement a new model or system, Block first
assesses the risk coverage and purview of the model and bases its design on the business or
regulatory requirements. At the point of development of the model, key model development
considerations are translated into technical and functional requirements, and the model is subject to
review by the appropriate stakeholders, and may only be implemented after required
Model Validation Policy | Block 6

pre-implementation and post-implementation testing are conducted and any issues have been
identified and remediated. Necessary approval must be obtained before the model go-live.
Model Change Management
Block’s model change management framework covers the holistic life cycle of the in-scope models
and consists of 4 major stages: Creation, Analysis, Execution, and Validation. It is accompanied by
strict requirements for audit trail to ensure material changes to a given model are captured, logged,
and properly communicated to the appropriate stakeholders.
Detailed process requirements are included in the Model Change Management Procedure.
Model Maintenance
All in-scope models are maintained through performance monitoring, model tuning and
optimization, periodic testing, and evaluations. Relevant results are reported on a periodic basis to
the financial crimes management team and other appropriate stakeholders. All issues found in
ongoing monitoring of model performance are tracked for timely remediation and closure. The
testing focuses on the accuracy and validity of the AML transaction monitoring system and watchlist
filtering and screening systems against the expectations set within the appropriate policies and
programs. Any findings or issues identified in the testing are documented and tracked along with a
remediation plan to bring them to closure.
Model Validation
Where required, an independent party will perform model validation to assess and verify Block’s AML
transaction monitoring and watchlist screening and filtering models to identify areas of potential
improvement and to increase confidence in such models and subsequently Block’s ability to monitor
and detect suspicious activities for money laundering and terrorist financing or potential sanctions
violations. The independent party will verify the model performance based on expectations from
regulatory requirements, business requirements, Block’s expectations, defined objectives, and
intended business uses. Model validation may be performed on an ad hoc basis in addition to the
periodic, scheduled validation, if local laws or regulatory requirements specify more frequent
validation.
Model Validation Policy | Block 7

Document Management
Document Owner
This document is owned by the Head of Global Policy and Governance or their designee.
Scheduled Review & Ad-Hoc Maintenance
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Exceptions
Exceptions to the requirements, strategies, or procedures established by this document must be
pre-approved by the Model Risk Management Lead or their designee. Staff members may submit
exception requests for review at go/policyhelp.
Related Documents
Related Policy Global AML and Counter-Terrorist Financing
Policy
Related Policy Global Sanctions Policy
Related Procedure Model Change Management Procedure
Other CET ML Model Development Methodology
Other Model Tuning & Optimization Methodology
Revision & Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
John Alfano Head of Global Initial Appro… Initial approval November 20,
Policy and for newly 2023
Governance created
document.
Document Details
Business Block
Model Validation Policy | Block 8

Scope Global
Compliance Domain Compliance Analytics & Technology
Document Owner Head of Global Policy and Governance
Original Publication Date November 20, 2023
Last Material Revision Date November 20, 2023
Effective Date November 20, 2023
Model Validation Policy | Block 9