Global Geographic Risk
Ratings Methodology &
Program
Block
Published January 2024

Table of Contents
Table of Contents 2
Introduction 3
Definitions 3
Roles & Responsibilities 3
Methodology 4
Governance 6
Document Management 6
Document Owner 6
Scheduled Review & Ad-Hoc Maintenance 7
Exceptions 7
Related Documents 7
Revision & Approval History 7
Document Details 7
Global Geographic Risk Ratings Methodology & Program | Block 2

Introduction
The Global Geographic Risk Ratings Methodology & Program (the “Program”) details the
methodology and data sources used to calculate Geographic Risk Ratings (GRR) for money
laundering, terrorist financing, economic sanctions, bribery, and corruption. The methodology
includes a quantitative risk analysis based on data points and research, as well as a qualitative risk
analysis conducted by Compliance Subject Matter Experts (Compliance SMEs).
This Program is established by Block, Inc. (“Block”) and is applicable globally across all Block business
lines, subsidiaries, and jurisdictions. References to “staff” throughout this document shall refer to all
full-time employees and fixed-term and contingent workers including interns, temps, consultants,
vendors, third-party providers, and contractors.
Definitions
FATF The Financial Action Task Force (FATF) leads
global action to tackle money laundering,
terrorist and proliferation financing.
FINCEN The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
(FinCEN) is a bureau of the U.S. Department of
the Treasury which safeguards the financial
system from illicit use and money laundering.
FINTRAC The Financial Transactions and Reports
Analysis Centre of Canada (FINTRAC) is
Canada's financial intelligence unit and
anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist
financing supervisor.
Roles & Responsibilities
Global Policy & Governance The Global Policy & Governance team’s
responsibility is to ensure geographic risk
methodology accurately reflects company risk
with respect to the compliance subject
matter, approve the final risk scores, and
maintain geographic risk scoring and
integrate into company risk assessments
where applicable, including the annual AML &
Sanctions Risk Assessments, new product risk
assessments, or any other assessment of
Global Geographic Risk Ratings Methodology & Program | Block 3

inherent risk that implicates country risk from
a compliance perspective.
Compliance Engineering & Technology The Compliance Engineering & Technology
team’s responsibility is to implement and
maintain final scoring in enhanced customer
risk models and transaction monitoring
systems, as applicable.
Business Unit’s Compliance Teams The Business Unit’s Compliance teams
responsibilities are to operationalize the final
(Including International Compliance Leads, risk scoring into underlying procedures and
Product Compliance and Operational decision
processes (e.g. due diligence, product risk
making)
assessments, new business ventures)
Strategic Operations The Strategic Operations team’s responsibility
is to integrate risk scoring into Merger and
(i.e. Deal Desk) Activity due diligence and discussions
Procurement The Procurement team’s responsibility is to
integrate risk scoring into vendor due
diligence, including ongoing due diligence
Methodology
For the quantitative risk analysis, Block leverages Knowyourcountry.com’s Country Ratings, which is a
composite financial crimes index with each country receiving a score between 1 (highest risk) and
100 (lowest risk). It assesses corruption, money laundering, tax haven, terrorist financing, and
sanctions risks, among other data points.
Knowyourcountry.com’s scores are converted to Geographic Risk Ratings of Low, Medium, and High,
as illustrated in this chart.
Score Country Risk Tier Country Risk Rating
70.01 - 100 1 Low
50.01 - 70 2 Medium
0 - 50 3 High
Global Geographic Risk Ratings Methodology & Program | Block 4

In order to tailor these scores/ratings to the specific financial crimes risks facing Block and its
subsidiaries, as well as to align with regulatory guidance on high risk countries for AML purposes,
Block then considers the following risk factors into the final scores/ratings.
Criteria Additional Money Laundering and Terrorist Scoring/Rating Impact
Financing Risk Factors
1 Countries identified as high risk for AML/CTF purposes
by Australia,1 the European Union,2 the United Kingdom,
High Risk override
3 the United States,4 Japan,5 New Zealand6 and
countries in which Block has offices.
2 Financial Action Task Force (FATF):
● High-Risk Jurisdictions Subject to a Call for
High Risk override
Action7
● Jurisdictions Under Increased Monitoring8
3 Countries identified as uncooperative tax havens9 High Risk override
4 Countries identified as State Sponsors of Terrorism10 High Risk override
5 Countries identified as high risk by Block’s global
High Risk override
leadership.
6 Other applicable regulatory advisories on countries of
Up to -30 points
concern (e.g., U.S. State Dept., FINTRAC, etc.)
7 Recent, material negative news about a country’s AML
Up to -10 points
framework
Additional Sanctions Risk Factors11
8 Countries/regions subject to comprehensive sanctions
are considered prohibited under Block’s Global Prohibited
Sanctions Policy.
1https://www.austrac.gov.au/business/core-guidance/customer-identification-and-verification/high-risk-countries-regions-and-
groups
2https://finance.ec.europa.eu/financial-crime/high-risk-third-countries-and-international-context-content-anti-money-launderi
ng-and-countering_en
3 https://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2023/704/regulation/2/made
4 https://www.fincen.gov/resources/statutes-and-regulations/311-and-9714-special-measures
5 https://www.mof.go.jp/
6 https://www.dia.govt.nz/AML-CFT-List-of-Jurisdictions-under-Increased-Monitoring
7https://www.fatf-gafi.org/en/publications/High-risk-and-other-monitored-jurisdictions/Call-for-action-February-2023.html
8https://www.fatf-gafi.org/en/publications/High-risk-and-other-monitored-jurisdictions/Increased-monitoring-february-2023.ht
ml
9 https://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/policies/eu-list-of-non-cooperative-jurisdictions/
10 https://www.state.gov/state-sponsors-of-terrorism/
11 Apply the greatest applicable score.
Global Geographic Risk Ratings Methodology & Program | Block 5

9 Countries with governments subject to applicable, asset
-25 points
freezes/blocking sanctions programs
10 Countries subject to applicable, sectoral or thematic
sanctions &
-15 points
Countries with applicable, list-based asset
freezes/blocking sanctions programs12
11 Countries bordering or conducting significant trade
with countries subject to applicable, comprehensive -10 points
sanctions programs
12 Countries with a history of evading applicable sanctions
-10 points
programs
Compliance SMEs will then review the GRR scores to ensure they adequately reflect the risk as it
relates to Block and its subsidiaries. Any proposed changes must be documented and approved by
the Global Policy & Governance (GPG) lead or the Head of Sanctions. The new risk scores will be
implemented after approval by the SMEs and the GPG lead or the Head of Sanctions.
Governance
This methodology provides a reasonable estimate of inherent risk on a country-by-country basis for
financial crimes concerns and may be incorporated into parallel risk analyses such as enhanced
customer monitoring and business unit specific risk assessments.
The GRR will be finalized prior to the execution of the annual AML/Sanctions Risk Assessment and as
required by the methodologies of other risk assessments, especially if they require more frequent
updates.
Document Management
Document Owner
This document is owned by Block’s AML/CTF & Sanctions Risk Assessment Program Lead or their
designee.
12 Defined as any sanctions beyond list-based sanctions to include arms embargoes, export prohibitions, technical assistance
prohibitions, etc. (see relevant sanctions policies for further information).
Global Geographic Risk Ratings Methodology & Program | Block 6

Scheduled Review & Ad-Hoc Maintenance
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Exceptions
Exceptions to the requirements, strategies, or procedures established by this document must be
pre-approved by the Compliance Governance and Reporting Lead or their designee. Staff members
may submit exception requests for review at go/policyhelp.
Related Documents
Related Policies Anti-Money Laundering & Counter - Terrorist
Financing Policy
Related Policy Global Sanctions Compliance Policy
Other Global Risk Rating Scorecard 2023
Revision & Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Updated the
Compliance
methodology,
Blake Unde… Governance Creati… Sep 08,…
definitions, roles/
Program Specialist
responsibilities.
Head of Compliance
Initial document
Sherry Stev… Governance & Initial … Nov 29,…
approval.
Reporting
Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Risk Assessment Lead
Global Geographic Risk Ratings Methodology & Program | Block 7

Original Publication Date Jan 1, 2024
Last Material Revision Date Nov 29, 2023
Effective Date Nov 29, 2023
Global Geographic Risk Ratings Methodology & Program | Block 8