Compliance Management System CMS Policy
Square | Square Capital, LLC | Credit Card
Last Approved: October 3, 2025
Effective Date: October 3, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Compliance Management System ("CMS") Policy ("Policy")
outlines Square Capital, LLC's ("Square Capital" or the "Company") commitment to implementing
and maintaining an effective CMS. The Head of Block Consumer Protection Compliance and/or
designee is responsible for management of this Policy.
The purpose of this Policy is to set forth the expectations of the Square Capital Board of Managers
("SCBM") for managing and mitigating applicable regulatory compliance risk as it pertains to the
Square Credit Card product.
This Policy sets forth the framework within which Square Capital implements its CMS. The SCBM
recognizes that maintaining an effective CMS is critical for mitigating the risks arising from
violations of law and regulations and the potential for customer harm and is necessary to maintain
a high level of public confidence in Square Capital's safe and sound operating practices.
A critical aspect of managing and mitigating regulatory compliance risk is the development and
maintenance of a CMS that is integrated into the overall framework for product design, delivery,
and administration of all product and service life cycles. In general, Square Capital achieves this
standard by ensuring a sound compliance structure is part of daily operations and that the
Company identifies Issues and initiates appropriate and timely remediations.
Square Capital's commitment to consumer protection is underscored by its dedication to
accountability, transparency, and business ethics. It is Square Capital's policy to comply with all
applicable federal state laws and regulations. Pursuant to this Policy, Square Capital will take
prudent and reasonable steps to ensure compliance, including careful consideration of applicable
commercial credit card laws and regulations.
Scope: This Policy is applicable to the Square Capital Credit Card product only.

Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Issue An Issue is defined as a deficiency gap, or weakness in the design,
performance, or operating effectiveness.
Staff Member An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors)
hired by Square Capital who supports the operations covered by this
Policy.
2. Policy Requirements
2.1 Requirements for the CMS
The SCBM recognizes that sound compliance risk management, like other areas of operational
management, depends on Square Capital establishing a comprehensive program of risk controls
and reviews. Square Capital requires the CMS to be tailored to Square Capital's organizational
needs, business strategy, operational complexity, product diversity, market circumstances,
regulatory environment, and risk profile. Because these essential criteria are not static, the SCBM
also requires that the CMS have a strong infrastructure while remaining dynamic in its ability to
respond to changes. The SCBM mandates that Square Capital's CMS
● Define roles and responsibilities for regulatory compliance activities covered by Square
Capital's CMS;
● Require the creation and maintenance of policies, procedures, and controls that ensure that
Square Capital conducts business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and
in a manner that meets customer service goals;
● Set forth internal supervision of Square Capital systems in order to deliver consistent and
on-going execution of CMS standards;
● Conduct an annual compliance risk assessment to evaluate inherent risks, controls, and the
resulting residual risks to Square Capital in order to guide the execution of the CMS;
● Create a monitoring and testing program, and separate independent audit requirements to
identify operational and programmatic deficiencies;
● Establish change management and corrective action programs;
● Outline training requirements for all Staff, including the SCBM;
● Distribute compliance reporting for internal and external stakeholders; and
● Reinforce the concepts set forth in Square Capital's CMS Policy as integral to identifying
potential violations of law and correcting internal control deficiencies;
● Policies and programs approvals, including those by the Compliance Policy Committee,
must be evidenced in Square Capital's meeting minutes.

2.2 The Compliance Management System
2.2.1 Board and Management Oversight and Reporting
The Block Lending Product Compliance Team will provide quarterly compliance updates to the
SCBM and Senior Management related to the operation of the CMS, customer complaints,
monitoring and testing results, corrective action updates, training results, and regulatory
findings/exams.
2.2.2 Regulatory Change Management
The Legal Team will maintain a regulatory change management process to first identify, monitor,
and track relevant material regulatory changes that may impact Square Capital products, services,
and operations. The Legal Team will conduct an applicability analysis for certain regulatory
changes and then, where necessary, notify key compliance and product stakeholders. The Head of
Business Product Compliance and Partnerships, or their designee, with the support of a
cross-functional group, will develop and communicate to impacted business teams an
implementation plan, as needed, and the impacted business teams will be responsible for
executing on that implementation plan.
2.2.3 Risk Assessment
Risk assessments are a process for evaluating the compliance risk arising from: (i) Square Capital's
operating environments; (ii) the regulatory landscape; (iii) emerging industry and regulatory trends;
(iv) the Company's size, complexity, and product offerings; and (v) the effectiveness of internal
controls. Risk assessments assist Square Capital in identifying additional control needs, prioritizing
compliance resources, and adjusting the CMS to meet new and emerging risks.
On an annual basis, the Head of Business Product Compliance and Partnerships, or their designee
will conduct a risk assessment with the support of a cross-functional group of stakeholders across
product, legal, and compliance.
The risk assessments will be used to:
● Understand the risk of specific regulatory requirements to Square Capital;
● Inform monitoring, testing, and training plans;
● Identify opportunities to enhance existing controls or to institute additional controls, as
needed; and
● Evaluate resource levels needed to manage compliance risks.
The risk assessment framework will assign inherent risk ratings, identify mitigating controls and
determine the resulting residual risk rating (which is derived from assessing the likelihood and
impact of risk occurrence after considering Square Capital's control activities). Compliance will
present the results of the annual risk assessment to the CCO, SCBM and Senior Management.

The Block Global Compliance Monitoring and Testing team will conduct monitoring and testing
as needed to verify that regulatory changes are incorporated into Square Capital's CMS program.
2.2.4 Policies, Standards, and Procedures
Square Capital requires that compliance-related policies, standards, and procedures be
documented in written form, in sufficient detail to implement compliance requirements, and are
formally approved, adopted, or recognized as outlined in the Compliance Document Approval
Matrix. Policies, standards, and procedures are updated periodically by their respective owners,
and are reviewed and approved as outlined in the Block, Inc. Compliance Policy on Policies
("PoP"), as required. All policies and standards are posted in a shared location, as outlined in the
PoP.
The PoP establishes the document hierarchy and life cycle of compliance policies, standards, and
procedures, as well as the roles and responsibilities for keeping Square Capital's compliance
document inventory reliable and compliant.
2.2.5 Monitoring and Testing
Compliance will develop a monitoring and testing plan annually based on the size, scale, and
complexity of the Company's operations and business offerings. The annual plan will reflect the
risk profile of Square Capital, including relevant third-party risk, as well as compliance risk impacts
from new products, regulatory changes, previous testing findings, management action plans and
due dates, audit coverage areas, and any bank partner requests.
The testing program will support adherence to regulatory compliance requirements and the
frequency of testing for applicable regulations and each business unit will depend on Square
Capital's risk profile. Corrective action to any noted deficiencies will be implemented efficiently
and documented accordingly.
Details on this process can be found in Blockʼs Global Compliance Monitoring and Testing
Program.
2.2.6 Change Management
Block, Inc. has implemented procedures to review new or materially changed business practices
(namely marketing materials and customer communications, products or features) using a
combination of Legal and Compliance personnel, who will determine whether new or updated
controls are required. Square Capital Staff is responsible for engaging these functions and
escalating any such changes for review. The results of reviews will be documented and
maintained. Business practice changes for Square Capital will also be reviewed, documented and
maintained, following these procedures.
2.2.7 Issue Management
Block, Inc. maintains a documented Issue Management Program applicable to Square Capital that
defines its standardized approach to the identification, assessment, prioritization, treatment, and

reporting of Issues. A standardized approach is necessary to allow Senior Management the ability
to make effective decisions concerning risk management.
Square Capital will track and monitor deficiencies identified through monitoring and testing,
complaints, audits, and regulatory exams. Square Capital will record and track the nature of the
Issues, a description of the plan to resolve the Issues, target dates for implementation, and the
status of resolution progress.
2.2.8 Complaint Management
Block, Inc. maintains a Global Complaints Policy and underlying Program applicable to Square
Capital that includes minimum standards for the Company in relation to the identification,
classification, treatment, and reporting of complaints. The Global Complaints Program ("GCP") is
overseen by the CCO and business units maintain programs and procedures that align to the GCP.
2.2.9 Vendor Management
Block Inc. maintains a formal Third Party Risk Management ("TPRM") Policy, also applicable to
Square Capital that reviews and approves third party vendors, identifies, measures, and monitors
the risks associated with the use of Third Party/Vendors. The Policy outlines processes to perform
initial due diligence and sets timeframes for ongoing review based on defined risk tiers. Third
Party/Vendors will be subject to ongoing monitoring and review in accordance with the TPRM
Policy.
2.2.10 Audit
Square Capital conducts periodic risk-based independent audits of requirements of this CMS
Policy, including related processes, systems, and controls. The audit scope may also, as and when
appropriate, include independent validation of remediation of closed Issues identified through the
audit process. Results of these periodic audits, including updates on Issues validation, are reported
to Senior Management and the SCBM on a periodic basis.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1 Roles and Responsibilities
● Chief Compliance Officer (“CCOˮ):
○ The CCO will provide assistance and support in implementing this Policy across the
organization and shall be responsible for establishing appropriate practices
designed to ensure that Company operations reflect the Companyʼs commitment to
compliance and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility.

The CCO is responsible for monitoring and reporting on compliance with this Policy.
The CCO delegates the responsibilities in this section to the Square Head of
Compliance along with the authority to adopt, develop and implement procedures
and reporting that support this Policy.
● Square Capital Board of Managers ("SCBM"):
○ The SCBM has ultimate responsibility for this Policy and Square's compliance
efforts. The SCBM is also responsible for the following:
■ Appointing a Compliance Officer with authority and accountability for the
CMS & Compliance function;
■ Demonstrating clear and appropriate expectations about compliance;
■ Understanding material compliance risks to which the Company is exposed;
and
■ Ensuring that the compliance function has the necessary resources to
appropriately manage compliance risk and are appropriately empowered
within Square Capital.
● Counsel:
○ The Companyʼs legal counsel provides interpretative advice and counsel regarding
the applicability and application of the requirements of this Policy to the Companyʼs
business and operational activities.
● Compliance Policy Committee:
○ Reviewing this Policy and adjacent policies covered in this CMS, no less than
annually.
● Head of Block Consumer Protection:
○ Owns this Policy document, reviews and approves requested exceptions.
● Head of Business Product Compliance and Partnerships or Lending Product Compliance
Lead as designee:
○ Responsible for implementation of requirements to ensure compliance with this
Policy.
3.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee will monitor Policy related activities to
evaluate adherence to the Policy and determine whether outputs adhere to established objectives
and will report it to the CCO and/or SCBM.

3.3 Training
Block, Inc. maintains a Compliance Training Standard & Compliance Training Calendar to detail the
Company's compliance training strategy and ensure the SCBM and Staff Members are trained on
applicable aspects of laws and regulations relevant to their job function. Block, Inc. additionally
maintains a Compliance Training Calendar to outline the training modules and frequency of
compliance training required by the audience. New Staff Members must first go through Block,
Inc.'s new hire compliance training. Training time frames must be completed within 30 days of hire
and annually thereafter, and the content must be commensurate with the responsibilities within the
job function. In addition, new Staff performing work for Square Capital are required to receive
training on Consumer Protection (e.g., UDAAP, Fair Lending, Privacy, etc.) and BSA/AML within 30
days of being hired and then annually thereafter. The SCBM will receive annual training on this
CMS, Consumer Protection (e.g., UDAAP, Fair Lending, Privacy), and BSA/AML. Where Staff fail to
complete their required compliance training, People Leads, with the support of Human Resources,
are responsible for supporting disciplinary action, where required.
3.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.5 Exceptions
The Head of Block Consumer Protection Compliance or designee will have authority to approve
exceptions and/or exemptions to this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption
does not violate applicable laws and regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in
writing, include a reason for a request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company
will implement to mitigate risks associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be
documented in writing and retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or
exemptions should be submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Head of
Business Product Compliance and Partnerships or Lending Product Compliance Lead as designee
will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.6 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Square
Capital, LLC and on a need-to-know basis.

4. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually by the
Compliance Policy Committee and on an ad hoc basis as required. The review includes
consideration of feedback on the effectiveness of the Policy, and any Bank Partner or audit input.
Specific to the Compliance Policy Committeeʼs review and approval, the Lending Product
Compliance Lead is responsible for facilitating such communication.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Laura Fragomeni Head of Square Initial Approval Initial Approval Aug. 9, 2024
Compliance
Amelia Childress Chief Initial Approval Initial Approval Aug. 27, 2024
Compliance
Officer
Square Capital Square Capital Initial Approval Initial Approval Aug.27, 2024
Board of Board of
Managers Managers
Compliance Compliance Annual Approval Updated October 3, 2025
Policy Committee Policy Committee template and
general
immaterial
updates for
clarity
Document Details:
Business Square
Scope US
Compliance Domain Governance
Document Owner Block Head of Consumer Protection
Approved By Compliance Policy Committee
Document Tier Tier 2