Unsuitability Assessment
Policy
Australia
Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd
June 2025

Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and its
subsidiaries and on a need-to-know basis.

Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
1. Definitions 4
2. Purpose 5
3. Scope 6
4. Unsuitability assessment framework 6
4.1. General scope of unsuitability assessment 6
4.2. Timing of unsuitability assessment 6
4.3. Reasonable inquiries and reasonable steps 6
4.4. Unsuitability assessment decisions 7
5. Basis for unsuitability assessment framework 9
5.1. The nature of Afterpay’s low cost credit contract 9
5.2. The nature of Afterpay’s target market 10
5.3. Whether the Afterpay customer is financially vulnerable 11
5.4. Afterpay’s procedures to reduce unaffordable lending risk 12
5.5. Afterpay’s procedures to mitigate unaffordable lending 13
6. Roles and responsibilities 14
7. Document management 15
7.1. Policy reviews 15
7.2. Updating the policy 15
8. Record retention 15
9. Related documentation 16
10. Revision and approval history 16
11. Document details 16

1. Definitions
Terminology Definition
Afterpay Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd ABN 15 169 342 947, Australian Credit Licence
527911
Afterpay BNPL Afterpay’s buy now, pay later, product.
Afterpay credit Afterpay’s internal credit rating for each existing customer which is
profile primarily based on Afterpay’s internal data on that customer. Customers
are only allocated an Afterpay credit profile 43 days after they are
onboarded by Afterpay to use Afterpay BNPL. Afterpay’s internal data (and
therefore the Afterpay credit profile) is refreshed on a daily basis.
Afterpay internal As defined in section 4.4.2 of this policy.
assessment
Afterpay internal Includes a number of data points about the customer and their use of
data Afterpay BNPL, including the following:
● tenure using Afterpay BNPL (calculated from the date of the
customer’s first order);
● number of on-time payments within the previous 180 days;
● late payments, including number of late payments and number of
days late;
● orders declined for insufficient funds on linked card at time of first
payment; and
● average utilisation of Afterpay BNPL within the previous 30, 60, 90,
180 days.
Afterpay Plus An additional feature of Afterpay BNPL that allows a customer to use
Afterpay BNPL almost anywhere Apple Pay, Google Pay, or Samsung Pay is
accepted, online or in-store.
Afterpay As defined in section 4.4.1 of this policy.
vulnerability
indicators
comply with In respect of the financial obligations of the customer, includes the
substantial customer complying by requiring an unrealistic or unachievable reduction
hardship in outgoings to cover the cost of living.
consumer lease As defined in section 204 of Schedule 1 of the NCCPA (National Credit
Code).
credit decision As defined in section 4.2 of this policy.

Terminology Definition
credit report A credit report provided by a credit reporting body containing credit
information in relation to an Afterpay customer (or prospective Afterpay
customer).
credit reporting As defined in section 5(1) of the NCCPA.
body
customer A customer of Afterpay.
LCCC or low cost As defined in the Afterpay General Terms.
credit contract
MACC or medium As defined in section 204 of Schedule 1 of the NCCPA (National Credit
amount credit Code).
contract
NCCPA National Consumer Credit Consumer Act 2009 (Cth), as amended by the
Treasury Laws Amendment (Responsible Buy Now Pay Later and Other
Measures) Act 2024 (Cth).
NCCPR National Consumer Credit Protection Regulations 2010 (Cth), as amended
by the National Consumer Credit Protection Amendment (Low Cost
Credit) Regulations 2025 (Cth).
new to bureau As defined in section 4.3.1 of this policy.
report or NTB
report
policy This Unsuitability Assessment Policy.
SACC or small As defined in section 5 of the NCCPA.
amount credit
contract
spend limit As defined in the Afterpay General Terms.
unsuitability The process required by sections 128 and 131 of the NCCPA, to determine
assessment whether a low cost credit contract or credit limit increase would be
unsuitable for a customer.
$ References to dollar ($) amounts in this policy are references to Australian
Dollars.
2. Purpose
This policy outlines Afterpay’s approach to conducting unsuitability assessments in accordance with
the NCCPA and the NCCPR.

3. Scope
This policy applies to Afterpay BNPL, as a low cost credit contract under the NCCPA, in relation to all
unsuitability assessments conducted by or on behalf of Afterpay.
4. Unsuitability assessment framework
Afterpay has a structured framework for completing unsuitability assessments.
4.1. General scope of unsuitability assessment
The NCCPA provides that a credit contract or credit limit increase is unsuitable if, at the time of the
assessment:
● the customer will be unable to comply with their financial obligations under the credit
contract, or could only comply with substantial hardship; or
● the contract does not meet the customer’s requirements or objectives.
4.2. Timing of unsuitability assessment
In this policy, the following actions are each referred to as a credit decision:
● entering into a low cost credit contract with a customer (onboarding); or
● increasing a customer’s spend limit under an existing Afterpay low cost credit contract
(limit increase).
No more than 120 days before making a credit decision, Afterpay must:
● make inquiries and take steps in accordance with section 130 of the NCCPA, as set out in
this policy; and
● complete an unsuitability assessment based on those inquiries and steps.
Where Afterpay completes an unsuitability assessment for a customer, Afterpay may rely on the
inquiries made, and steps taken, on which the unsuitability assessment was based, to complete
more than one unsuitability assessment.
4.3. Reasonable inquiries and reasonable steps
4.3.1. Reasonable inquiries - financial situation
Afterpay seeks to obtain the following information about a customer’s financial situation:

● Income and expenses: Afterpay collects information about the customer’s income and
expenses. This information is obtained directly from the customer through the
onboarding flow and / or through an in-app flow, depending on the circumstances.
Afterpay will not proceed with an unsuitability assessment unless this information has
been obtained.
● Existing credit obligations: Afterpay collects information about the customer’s low cost
credit contracts, small amount credit contracts, and consumer leases. This information is
obtained from the customer’s credit report. Where Afterpay has obtained a credit report
(including a credit report that shows the customer has no reported credit information (a
NTB report)) Afterpay will proceed with an unsuitability assessment .
● Credit check: Afterpay seeks to obtain a ‘negative’ credit report from a credit reporting
body, illion.1 Where Afterpay is unable to seek to obtain a credit report due to technical
difficulties (e.g. bureau outage) Afterpay will not proceed with an unsuitability
assessment.
4.3.2. Reasonable inquiries - requirements and objectives
Afterpay seeks to obtain information about the customer’s requirements and objectives by
presenting the Afterpay BNPL key product information and having the customer confirm that the
product is right for them. This information is obtained directly from the customer through the
onboarding flow and / or through an in-app flow, depending on the circumstances.
Afterpay will not proceed with an unsuitability assessment unless this information has been
obtained. Afterpay does not rely on the rebuttable presumption available for LCCCs under section
133BXF of the NCCPA.
4.3.3. Reasonable steps - verification
Afterpay takes reasonable steps to verify the information obtained about a customer’s financial
situation by leveraging the information available in the customer’s credit report.
4.4. Unsuitability assessment decisions
4.4.1. Credit decision at onboarding
Afterpay will assess a credit decision as unsuitable at onboarding in the following situations:
● The customer’s income is less than their expenses.
1 Afterpay does not offer Afterpay LCCCs or limit increases on existing Afterpay LCCCs over $1,999.

● The customer has one or more of the Afterpay vulnerability indicators present on their
credit report. The Afterpay vulnerability indicators are:
○ a bankruptcy within the previous 12 months;
○ more than four SACC inquiries within the previous 6 months;
○ more than four BNPL inquiries within the previous 6 months;
○ more than four equipment hire (i.e. consumer lease) inquiries within the previous 6
months; or
○ a default within the previous 3 months.
● Afterpay is otherwise aware of information that evidences that:
○ the customer will be unable to comply with their financial obligations under the
contract, or could only comply with substantial hardship; or
○ the contract will not meet the customer's requirements or objectives (even if the
customer has confirmed that the product is right for them during onboarding).
4.4.2. Credit decision for a spend limit increase
Afterpay completes an internal assessment to determine whether a customer is eligible for a spend
limit increase (Afterpay internal assessment). Afterpay only completes unsuitability assessments
where a customer has consented to limit increases and passed an Afterpay internal assessment.
Under an Afterpay internal assessment, a customer will not be eligible for a spend limit increase if
the customer:
● has a current spend limit above $1900;
● has a frozen Afterpay account;
● has requested a spend limit decrease (and this request has not expired or been revoked);
● has had a late payment in the previous 30 days;
● has had a late payment exemption applied due to goodwill within the previous 30 days;
● has moved a repayment due date in the previous 30 days;
● has had a spend limit increase in the previous 30 days;
● does not have a high enough Afterpay credit profile; or
● is in hardship status or has a hardship flag within the previous 90 days, or is currently in
collections or payment arrangement.
Where a customer passes an Afterpay internal assessment, Afterpay will complete an unsuitability
assessment on the customer. Afterpay will assess a credit decision as unsuitable at the time of limit
increase in the following situations:

● The customer’s income is less than their expenses.
● The customer has one or more of the Afterpay vulnerability indicators present on their
credit report.
● The customer has more than 6 inquiries of any type (e.g. SACC, BNPL, MACCs, consumer
leases, personal loans, home loans, credit cards) within the previous 6 months present on
their credit report.
● Afterpay is otherwise aware of information that evidences that:
○ the customer will be unable to comply with their financial obligations under the
contract, or could only comply with substantial hardship; or
○ the contract will not meet the customer's requirements or objectives (even if the
customer has confirmed that the product is right for them during onboarding).
5. Basis for unsuitability assessment framework
Afterpay’s unsuitability assessment framework reflects the matters in section 133BXC(3) NCCPA.
These matters are considered in more detail below.
5.1. The nature of Afterpay’s low cost credit contract
Afterpay BNPL offers low-cost, transparent, regulated credit designed to minimise risk to customers.
Key attributes include:
● Spend limits: New customers are offered starting spend limits between $200 to $1,999.
Incremental spend limit increases are based on positive repayment behaviour, up to a
maximum of $1,999.2
● Repayment structure: Repayments are divided into four instalments over a short-term
period of six to eight weeks. This structured schedule supports manageable financial
planning for all customers. Generally, the initial 25% instalment is required upfront;
however, this may be adjusted for customers who have established a positive repayment
history.
● Payment rescheduling: In certain circumstances customers can reschedule repayment
dates through the Afterpay app or by contacting Afterpay’s customer service team,
offering operational flexibility (without incurring any fees) while controlling risk.
Limitations include:
○ restrictions for certain merchant categories (e.g. airlines);
2 Note that some customers that signed up for Afterpay BNPL prior to 10 June 2025 may have a spend limit of
up to $4,000.

○ a cap on the number of payments that can be rescheduled (e.g. per order, per year
etc); and
○ the status of the customer (e.g. if the customer is in a hardship arrangement).
● No interest or security: Afterpay does not charge interest, or take security in relation to
Afterpay BNPL. While Afterpay is free for customers who pay on time, capped late fees
can apply. Afterpay Plus (an opt-in feature of Afterpay BNPL) involves a small, fixed
monthly fee that is also capped.
5.2. The nature of Afterpay’s target market
Afterpay BNPL is designed to meet the needs of financially responsible customers looking for
flexible, interest-free payment options. The target market for Afterpay BNPL includes individuals:
● seeking to pay for products and services on an instalment basis without payment of
interest, account keeping or establishment fees and without the risk of entering into debt
spirals;
● that may not have an established credit history to become a customer, and may have
other liabilities;
● who would benefit from a product with strong inbuilt controls which protect the
customer such as real-time risk decisioning, dynamic spend limits that adjust based on
repayment behaviour, capped late fees, and restrictions on product use when instalment
payments are missed;
● who would benefit from a product which:
○ provides them with the flexibility of paying by instalments via automatic debit
from their preferred payment debit or credit card, or self-initiated early payments
which can be scheduled via app or web portal;
○ has no hidden fees or costs associated with its use if instalments are paid on time;
○ allows them to select the day of the week that they would like their scheduled
payments to be made;
○ is zero cost upfront and, if late fees happen to be paid, is low cost relative to other
financial products that are available in the market;
○ enables them to set a spend cap to manage their spending;
○ does not result in merchants engaging in ‘discretionary’ pricing - i.e. where a
merchant will effectively inflate the price of their product or service to account for
the use of a BNPL product;
● would be comfortable with the ease and efficiency of using a digital-only product; and

● (in respect of Afterpay Plus) who would like to pay a monthly fee to obtain additional
features and benefits such as the ability to use Afterpay BNPL with almost any merchant
accepting Apple Pay, Google Pay or Samsung Pay as payment methods.
Relevant to the unsuitability assessment framework, Afterpay’s target market excludes
higher-risk consumer groups, for example, customers who use a credit card as their repayment
method and who incur repeated late fees as a result of repayments being dishonoured by their
credit card provider due to having an insufficient credit card limit. The target market also excludes
customers who require different product features, for example, a product with a large upfront
spending limit, that enables unrestricted on-demand spending, or that enables customers to pay
down their purchase over a long period of time.
Historical data from Afterpay’s customer base demonstrates consistently low levels of credit risk
within its target market. Over the past several years, the number of customers with outstanding
amounts that are 180+ days overdue has remained below 0.7%, with a clear year-over-year
improvement trend. In addition, the proportion of consumers entering hardship arrangements
has consistently stayed below 0.5%.
5.3. Whether the Afterpay customer is financially vulnerable
Afterpay is committed to ensuring responsible lending practices by identifying and addressing
financial vulnerability at key stages of the customer journey. The approach is tailored for both new
and existing customers and includes a combination of direct inquiries and proactive interventions.
New customers
To assess vulnerability at the onboarding stage, Afterpay implements the following steps:
● Income and expense verification: Customers are required to provide details of their
income and expenses during the onboarding process. Any indications of financial
difficulty revealed in this information will result in a conservative credit decision (e.g. if a
customer's expenses exceed their income, Afterpay will not proceed with the credit
decision).
● Hardship indicators: Where hardship flags (e.g. bankruptcy or financial difficulty
notifications) are present in the customer’s credit report, Afterpay will not proceed with
the credit decision.
● Vulnerability indicators: Where existing liabilities (e.g. SACCs or consumer leases) are
present in the customer’s credit report, Afterpay will factor these liabilities in when
making a credit decision.

Existing customers
For existing customers, Afterpay employs a range of mechanisms to support financial resilience
throughout their relationship with Afterpay:
● When completing an unsuitability assessment for a limit increase, Afterpay implements
the same steps as Afterpay employs to identify financial vulnerability in new customers, as
outlined above.
● Afterpay maintains a comprehensive hardship program, which is described in more detail
under section 5.5 of this policy. Customers who have recently provided a hardship notice
to Afterpay, or whose behaviour suggests potential financial difficulty, will not be eligible
for a spend limit increase.
● Afterpay provides a vulnerable customer training program to all frontline customer
service staff upon their commencement of employment. This training is refreshed
annually and focuses on prioritising recognition of financial difficulty indicators and
proactive support through standardised interventions.
5.4. Afterpay’s procedures to reduce unaffordable lending risk
Afterpay employs a range of procedures to mitigate unaffordable lending risks among its customers.
The following measures are structured to identify potential financial risks and implement timely
interventions, ensuring compliance with responsible lending standards:
● First payment upfront: Generally, Afterpay requires customers to make their first
instalment payment at the time of purchase. An exception is the No Payment Upfront
(NPUF) feature, which is selectively offered to customers that satisfy specific criteria
relating to positive recent repayment behaviour
● Account suspension for missed payments: Once a missed payment is recorded, Afterpay
immediately suspends the customer’s account to prevent further credit use. In addition,
Afterpay restricts limit increases for customers with repeated missed payments or existing
overdue balances.
● Spend limit management: Afterpay enforces stringent rules to manage customer spend
limits, reducing the risk of overextension:
○ Spend limits start conservatively (e.g., $200 to $1,999 for new customers), are risk
based and tailored to the specific customer.
○ Spend limit increases are tied to demonstrated repayment behaviour. Customers
with higher-risk profiles are not eligible for limit increases.
○ Spend limits are reviewed regularly, and adjustments are tied to recent repayment

activity, account history, and behavioural indicators.
○ In cases of financial difficulty, hardship requests, or prolonged dormancy, Afterpay
reduces spend limits to align with the customer’s demonstrated financial capacity.
● Real-time risk decisions: Before approving individual transactions using Afterpay BNPL,
Afterpay leverages real-time data and analysis to assess the customer’s capacity to pay.
This includes reviewing internal data such as recent late payments, repayment schedule
modifications, and insufficient fund rejections, and declining transactions that exceed
pre-determined customer limits or involve flagged risk factors (e.g. elevated utilisation
rates).
● Hardship procedures: Afterpay maintains a comprehensive hardship program, which is
described in more detail under section 5.5 of this policy.
5.5. Afterpay’s procedures to mitigate unaffordable lending
Afterpay places a strong emphasis on minimising harm for customers who may encounter financial
difficulty. These procedures reflect Afterpay’s commitment to ethical lending practices and
regulatory compliance, and focus on preventing and addressing unaffordable lending risks:
● Debt management: Afterpay employs consumer friendly practices to support customers
with outstanding Afterpay debts:
○ Afterpay does not pursue legal action to collect outstanding amounts, nor does it
sell debts to external agencies.
○ Customers who struggle to meet repayments are directed towards independent
financial counselling services for specialist advice and assistance.
● Hardship support: Afterpay provides streamlined hardship support to ensure that
customers experiencing financial difficulty have access to timely assistance:
○ Customers can request hardship assistance without the need to provide formal
documentation of financial difficulty.
○ Tailored payment arrangements are available, including deferred payment
schedules and payment holidays, to help customers recover financially.
● Account suspension: To reduce the risk of further financial harm, Afterpay may suspend
account access under certain conditions, including:
○ following a missed payment, to prevent additional credit use;
○ during an active payment holiday or hardship arrangement; or
○ when indicators of financial difficulty are identified, such as repeated payment
rescheduling or frequent declined transactions.
● Capped fees: Fees for late payments are capped at the lower of 25% of the order value or

$68, and also subject to regulatory caps, to ensure costs remain predictable and
manageable.
● Spend limit controls: Customers can voluntarily set their own ‘spend cap’ on their spend
limits within the Afterpay platform, providing greater control over their financial
commitments.
● Afterpay Plus: Customers that have opted-in to Afterpay Plus receive additional support
during financial hardship to limit unnecessary costs. For Afterpay Plus subscribers with a
payment arrangement or hardship status, their subscription is suspended, preventing
further subscription fee accrual and limiting access to out-of-network providers upon
BNPL account reinstatement. Customers can also choose to pause their subscription and
Afterpay Plus fees are also subject to regulatory caps.
6. Roles and responsibilities
Role Responsibility
ANZ ANZ Compliance will provide assistance and support to Credit Risk in
Compliance implementing this policy across the organisation. ANZ Compliance is
responsible for establishing and overseeing appropriate compliance practices
designed to ensure that Afterpay’s operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to
compliance and that all employees are aware of that commitment and their
individual responsibility, in partnership with the business.
In partnership with Credit Risk, ANZ Compliance is responsible for reviewing the
operation of this policy on a regular basis to ensure this policy continues to
deliver compliance with Afterpay’s regulatory obligations, reporting on
compliance with this policy, and approving updates to this policy.
ANZ Compliance may delegate to others the authority to adopt, develop, and
implement procedures and reporting that support this policy.
Counsel Afterpay’s Product and Regulatory Counsel provide interpretative advice and
counsel regarding the application of the requirements of this policy to Afterpay’s
business and operational activities.
Credit Risk Credit Risk will implement this policy across the organisation and shall be
responsible for ensuring the policy is complied with. Credit Risk is responsible for
establishing and overseeing appropriate practices designed to ensure that
Afterpay’s credit operations reflect Afterpay’s commitment to compliance and
that all employees are aware of that commitment and their individual
responsibility under this policy.
In partnership with Compliance, Credit Risk is responsible for reviewing the
operation of this policy on a regular basis to ensure the policy continues to
deliver compliance with Afterpay’s regulatory obligations.

Credit Risk as the owners of credit risk for Afterpay are responsible for
monitoring and reporting on compliance with this policy.
7. Document management
7.1. Policy reviews
This policy shall be reviewed at least annually and on an ad hoc basis (for example, where events or
circumstances suggest that the policy is no longer effective, or in response to material risk events or
breaches identified).
As part of the review, Afterpay will:
● assess whether the policy has been and will continue to be one that, if followed, makes it
reasonably likely that Afterpay will comply with sections 128 and 131 of the NCCPA; and
● identify any changes to the policy that would make it more likely to ensure compliance, if
followed; and
● consider evidence that provides an appropriate basis for assessing the policy and
identifying any changes to the policy that are necessary, including the rates at which
Afterpay BNPL debts are being partially or fully written off, measures of the rates of
arrears, relevant complaints data (both under internal and external dispute resolution
processes), and hardship data.
7.2. Updating the policy
If the review of the policy identifies changes to the policy that would better facilitate compliance,
Afterpay will revise the policy to incorporate those changes as soon as practicable. Any update to the
policy will be implemented in accordance with the Block, Inc. Compliance Document Approval
Matrix.
8. Record retention
Afterpay will maintain records of this policy in accordance with Afterpay’s document retention
guidelines.

9. Related documentation
Legislation National Consumer Credit Consumer Act 2009
Regulation National Consumer Credit Protection Regulations 2010
Related procedure AU REG: Credit Strategy
10. Revision and approval history
Approver Type Description Date
Luchen Zhou (Credit Initial Approval Initial Creation of 10 June 2025
Risk) Document
Martina Kann (ANZ Initial Approval 11 July 2025
Compliance)
11. Document details
Business Afterpay
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Policy Owner ANZ Compliance ( Martina Kann )
Last Approval Date 11 Jul 2025
Effective Date 11 July 2025
Approved By ANZ Compliance ( Martina Kann )
Credit Risk ( Luchen Zhou )
Document Review Schedule Annually