Global Compliance Monitoring and Testing
GCMT Program
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Mar 26, 2026
Effective Date: Apr 1, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: This Global Compliance Monitoring and Testing Program (“Programˮ)
outlines Blockʼs approach to Regulatory Compliance Testing and Monitoring within the Compliance
organization. The GCMT Program Lead is responsible for management of this Program.
Block, Inc. (herein referred to as “Blockˮ or the “Companyˮ) is committed to maintaining a robust
Global Compliance Monitoring & Testing GCMT function and maintaining compliance with the
laws and regulations governing the conduct of its business. As part of this commitment, Block
developed this Program to define the GCMT function, its purpose, and general responsibilities.
The GCMT function tests and reports on the effectiveness of internal controls so that control
owners can take prompt remedial action. GCMT is part of the second line of defense in Blockʼs
three lines of defense risk management model. GCMT brings a systematic, disciplined testing
approach to Blockʼs oversight activities. Compliance testing serves as an independent and
objective assurance activity designed to enhance Blockʼs oversight activities.
GCMT is granted authority access to records, reports, systems, and personnel necessary to
execute risk-based compliance monitoring and testing.
The purpose of the GCMT function is to support Blockʼs risk governance framework. GCMT
provides periodic monitoring and testing of compliance activities and control environments to
determine whether internal controls over compliance activities are adequately designed and
functioning effectively. Other approaches we can take include:
● ‘Go liveʼ Readiness Assessments
● Post-Implementation Reviews

● Consultations to evaluate the alignment between frameworks, policies, and regulations
First and second line of defense employees, including Managers, Officers, and Executives, must
be familiar with this Program.
Scope: This Program applies to Block, Inc., its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, “Blockˮ),
including all products.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
Business Units Any business or administrative group or team that develops or supports
Blockʼs products and services.
Compliance Risk The risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, or loss to
reputation that the company may suffer as a result of its failure to comply
with compliance laws, regulations, codes of conduct, regulatory guidance
and expectations, as well as group wide policies, rules and standards.
Corrective Internal Corrective internal controls (or compensating controls) are designed to
Controls correct undesirable outcomes or control failures that have occurred.
Examples of corrective internal controls include software patches,
disciplinary actions, new policies or procedures, and validation testing.
Committee of The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
Sponsoring COSO developed a model for evaluating internal controls. This model is
Organizations of widely accepted and is recognized as the standard against which
the Treadway organizations measure the effectiveness of their systems of internal control.
Commission
Detective Internal Controls designed to uncover undesirable events, errors, and irregularities
Controls that may have occurred, for example, assessments of existing controls,
self-assessments, and quality control reviews.
Issues Fails to meet a specific requirement of contract, law, regulation,
compliance policy, program document, or internal procedure.
Institute of The Institute of Internal Auditors IIA is a recognized international
Internal Auditors professional association which develops standards, guidance, and
certifications.
Internal Control A process effected by an entityʼs board of directors, management, and
other personnel, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
achievement of objectives relating to operations, reporting, and
compliance.
2

Enhancement A minor control weakness that is being addressed through a project or
Opportunity initiative causing the residual risk to be considered as negligible i.e it does
not meet the threshold level to be reported as an issueControl owners have
the option to accept the proposed enhancement opportunity or accept the
potential risk. Accepting the enhancement opportunity will require a
management action plan MAP or if it is not accepted, a rationale for this
decision.
Preventive Proactive internal controls (such as policies, procedures, separation of
Internal Controls duties and Quality Assurance reviews) designed to prevent a negative event
from occurring.
Recommendation The proposed measure(s) to be taken to correct an observed gap or
out-of-compliance situation. Control owners have the option to accept the
proposed recommendation or provide their own management action plan.
Testing An end-to-end review of a business unitʼs processes, which includes the
underlying policies, frameworks, and controls. The type and approach of
testing will be driven by the agreed scope objective and may vary in
degrees.
2. Block, Inc. Requirements
2.1. Testing Methodology
The Testing methodology was built around the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of
the Treadway Commission framework and the Institute of Internal Auditors IIA guidance.
Compliance tests are conducted in four phases:
2.1.1. Administration
● Develop an annual test plan
● Obtain feedback, input and approval from stakeholders
● Distribute annual test plan to stakeholders and senior leadership
● Communicate the plan to appropriate local risk and Block level committees
2.1.2. Planning
● Review applicable regulations, policies, procedures, open issues, internal audits and
independent reviews, as available
● Complete scoping document and outline testing focus areas
● Inform key stakeholders via engagement email and obtain completed information Request
form
● Schedule kick off/walkthrough meeting
● Request view only system access
2.1.3. Testing
● Develop work papers, document test scripts, select testing techniques, and sampling
methodology.
● Test samples and retain supporting documentation
3

● Schedule status meetings
● Schedule a vetting meeting, present the Results Matrix, and ask control owners to provide
a Management Action Plan MAP for each recommendation (if they accept GCMTʼs
recommendations) or their rationale for not accepting GCMTʼs recommendations.
2.1.4. Planning
● Review applicable regulations, policies, procedures, open issues, internal audits and
independent reviews, as available
2.2. Monitoring Methodology
2.2.1. Administration
● Develop the annual monitoring plan and calendar in alignment with GCMTʼs Annual Plan.
For Afterpay Data Monitoring:
● Identify and prioritize any new key monitoring areas and metrics in coordination with
Compliance, Legal, and operational partners—both during annual planning and through
insights gained from ongoing testing reviews.
● Obtain stakeholder input, feedback, and approval on existing and or newly proposed
metrics and monitoring coverage.
● Confirm resource assignments, roles, and responsibilities to support ongoing monitoring
execution, analysis, and reporting.
For a monitoring review:
● Determine the specific scope, objectives, and schedule during the annual planning cycle.
● Develop the detailed scope and review criteria in conjunction with stakeholders.
● Conduct targeted reviews and issue reports within agreed timeframes
2.2.2. Requesting Data
● If the tester has access to the data, write/update code to extract the latest data or request
data to be supplied by the appropriate business data team or business unit stakeholder. If
the tester does not have access to the data, submit a JIRA ticket data request, set up time
with the appropriate data analytics teams to share your data requirements and or work with
the data team to define your requirements.
2.2.3. Reporting
● Issue monitoring reports, dashboards, and/or data to appropriate stakeholders in
accordance with the agreed rhythms.
● Issues are entered into Blockʼs Risk, Controls, and Issue Management system with action
owners and due dates.
2.3. Additional Information
4

2.3.1. Conduct
The GCMT function is expected to:
● Act with integrity
● Perform its duties in compliance with Blockʼs policies
● Ensure objectivity and independence
● Develop an annual, risk-based test plan
● Provide proper supervision to testers performing compliance reviews
● Encourage management to adopt appropriate policies, procedures, and controls
2.3.2. Risk Assessments
Risk assessments are performed by a third party or Block personnel not directly involved in testing
activities (e.g., 1LOD, Risk and Compliance personnel). Where a risk assessment has not been
completed, GCMT will undertake a process to identify and document the key risks and controls from
stakeholders and business documentation.
2.3.3. Risk-Based Annual Monitoring & Testing Plan
The Global Compliance Monitoring and Testing Program Lead prepares an annual risk-based
monitoring and testing plan considering available information, such as:
● Regulatory inventory for key requirements/guidance applicable to a product,
● Compliance and Anti Money Laundering and Sanctions risk assessments
● Risk control inventory mapped to products and regulations,
● Regulatory data monitoring metrics of key controls
● Current and emerging regulatory landscape
● Historical results of compliance control effectiveness
● internal audit coverage areas,
● Independent reviews,
● New regional or product expansion.
The Compliance Monitoring and Testing Lead also considers requests submitted by the Block Chief
Compliance Officer, Global and regional Compliance Leads, management, Global and regional Legal
and Privacy Leads and bank partners.
The Head of Governance, Compliance approves the consolidated annual monitoring and testing plan.
Bank partners may approve sub-sections of the annual monitoring and testing plan and any material
modifications to the programs they sponsor.
Where required, the monitoring and testing plan may be updated during the period. This may occur
due to changes or delays in the anticipated implementation of a process or framework, products and
processes are on the same rails, being retired or migrated or where an additional need has been
5

identified, e.g. action from an internal audit review. Memorandumʼs are issued to stakeholders for
material changes to the plan.
While developing the monitoring and testing plan, where applicable GCMT considers all the above
elements to determine a monitoring and testing frequency which can be a maximum of 12 months
for high risk, 24 months for Moderate risk and 36 months for low risk.
2.3.4. Types of Monitoring & Testing Activities
GCMT performs a variety of assurance activities:
Review Type Review Description Review Examples Frequency
Duration
Testing Conducted on established Block level 12 weeks - New Licence Annually or
Review programs, regulatory guidelines/ Obligations as needed
requirements, local business level - Complaints
programs, high risk products, and Program or
standard operational procedures. These Compliance
reviews are intended to test the design Management
and operational effectiveness of Systems
processes and controls for adherence to - Global Scope
regulatory guidelines/requirements,
program policy and procedures, as well
as the adequacy in addressing certain
targeted risks (i.e. AML. A design review
can involve comparison of existing or new
programs, guidelines/regulations and
procedures. An operational effectiveness
review can involve testing
account/transactional/regulatory or
procedural steps to determine the
effectiveness of processes and controls.
A testing review typically requires
assessment of the program from
end-to-end and would require
involvements from cross-functional
business units who support the program
(i.e. Policy and Product owners,
oversight/reporting, system/model
owners, operations/client services).
Monitoring Conducted on specifically defined 4 Weeks Dedicated Annually or
Review regulatory sections and compliance Reviews based as needed
policies and procedures. The accelerated on Compliance
Risk
6

review is intended to validate the Assessments
operating effectiveness of a targeted area
that its scope is well defined and requires
limited planning activities.
A monitoring review can also be used for
regulatory program reviews of a simpler
product/process, in which the review can
be completed in a shorter duration.
Post-Impleme Conducted to test key compliance 412 Weeks Product As needed
ntation controls and processes are working in specific
Review accordance with their stated objective, features and
post their implementations. The controls to
implementations might not have direct meet
regulatory implications but are considered regulatory
key in addressing critical risks identified obligations
to Blockʼs compliance program(s) (i.e.
platform restriction controls).
Data Established with metrics intended to Continuous Consumer Monthly
Monitoring measure ongoing terms of service, r orders
(applicable regulatory compliance and the declined due
to late fees
only to effectiveness of key controls and
reaching $500
Afterpay) processes through the use of data
in 12 months
analytics (where available).
Go Live Conducted to establish that a regulatory 4 weeks New Licence As needed
Readiness or policy requirement has a obligations/
Assessments corresponding control/process in place. Industry
Standards and
This may be a tick and tie only exercise to
Guidelines
identify compliance gaps or can be a
combination of design and or control
effectiveness testing.
2.3.5. Issues
Issues reveal deficiencies, or weaknesses, that have a potential risk impact on the compliance and
risk management framework.
2.3.6. Direct Responsible Individuals Responses
7

Issues communicated to the directly responsible individual DRI during the engagement and require
a response with actions and due date for completion. The DRI is expected to provide a response as
soon as possible, but no later than five calendar days from formal issuance of the draft report.
2.3.7. Compliance Testing Report
Testing activities are generally conducted in line with the timeframes stipulated in the final scope
document. The final report is distributed to all key stakeholders, including the Block Chief
Compliance Officer, compliance and legal partners, the line of business, the head of Internal Audit
and bank partners. The report includes an executive summary, the test scope, the testing
methodology, the number of issues and enhancement opportunities, the DRIʼs action plan, and the
target date for resolution.
2.3.8. Issue Tracking and Validation Testing
GCMT will record issues and management action plans in the Blockʼs Risk, Controls and Issue
Management system. These entries will include the issue and action plan owner and due dates.
These are responsible for providing regular updates of the issue and documentary evidence to
support the closure of the issue in accordance with the Enterprise Issue Management Program.
GCMT will validate the documentation received to determine if it is satisfactory to close the
management action.
2.3.9. Past Due Action Plans and Repeat Issues
Details regarding past due corrective action plans will be reported to the various local and
international governance meetings in accordance with the Block Enterprise Issue Management
Program, including compliance, audit, risk committeesʼ and board meetings.
2.3.10. Regulatory Guidance
This program leverages guidance contained in the following (inclusive, but not exhaustive)
documents:
● 12 CFR 30, Appendix D. II. C
● Comptrollerʼs Handbook - Corporate and Risk Governance, Version 2.0, July 2019, pg 39
● Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Supplemental Policy Statement on the
internal Audit Function and Its Outsourcing, SR 131 Jan. 2013
● Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Amended Interagency Guidance on the
Internal Audit Function and Its Outsourcing, SR 035 Apr. 2003
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Roles and Responsibilities:
8

Block, Inc. Roles:
● First line of defense:
○ Owns the risk associated with their activities and the responsibility for managing
compliance risk within their environment through ongoing preventive, corrective,
and detective internal controls. They are accountable for periodically performing
quality assurance and quality control activities, developing new internal controls,
and enhancing existing controls to mitigate risk. The 1st line of defense LOD
includes business units responsible for developing and managing products and
services offered by Block.
● Second line of defense:
○ The Second Line of Defence includes compliance functional teams and Monitoring
and Testing. Compliance functional teams provide compliance and oversight in the
form of frameworks, policies, tools, reporting and techniques to support risk and
compliance management.
○ GCMT are responsible for performing risk-based compliance monitoring and testing
activities, reporting on the effectiveness of internal controls, and providing
oversight and advice to the 1st LOD.
● Third line of defense:
○ Refers to the internal audit function. Internal Audit supports Blockʼs business
objectives and provides independent assurance on the effectiveness of risk
management, control framework, and processes managed by the first and second
LOD. Internal Audit reports to the Board of Directors and senior management.
● Compliance Monitoring and Testing Program Lead:
○ Oversees the GCMT function. Maintains the Global Compliance Monitoring and
Testing Program. Approves the annual risk-based test plan and approves the Global
Compliance Monitoring and Testing Program.
● Block Chief Compliance Officer:
○ Receives recurring reporting on Program.
● Head of Governance, Compliance:
○ Approves the annual risk-based test plan and approves the Global Compliance
Monitoring and Testing Program.
3.2. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Program Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board (or a committee thereof),
Subsidiary Boards and Senior Management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Customer Complaints
● Monitoring and Testing Results
● Corrective Action Updates
● Training results:and;
9

● Regulatory Examinations and Findings
3.3. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.4. Exceptions
The Program Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to this
Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.5. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Program, please contact the Program Owner.
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
N/A N/A Creation Block, Inc. performs November 2020
analysis of need for
10

Program documentation.
Program Document
drafted.
John Alfano Global Policy Initial Approval Program is submitted to March 2021
& Governance
GPG Lead and approved.
GPG Lead
Amelia Chil… Global Chief Scheduled Re… Program is submitted to March 2021
Compliance
Global Chief Compliance
Officer GCCO
Officer and approved.
John Alfano Global Policy Scheduled Re… Program is submitted to April 2022
& Governance
GPG Lead and approved.
GPG Lead
John Alfano Global Policy Scheduled Re… Program is submitted to May 2023
& Governance
GPG Lead and approved.
GPG Lead
John Alfano Global Policy Scheduled Re… Program is submitted to January 2024
& Governance
GPG Lead and approved.
GPG Lead
Keith Roche Compliance Scheduled Re… Program is submitted to February 2025
Monitoring &
the Compliance
Testing Lead
Monitoring and Testing
Lead.
Keith Roche Compliance Scheduled Re… Program is submitted to March 2026
Monitoring
the Compliance
and Testing
Program Lead Monitoring and Testing
Program Lead.
John Alfano Head of Scheduled Re… Scheduled review March 2026
Governance,
Compliance
Block
11

Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Governance
Document Owner Compliance Monitoring and Testing Program Lead
Approved By Head of Governance, Compliance Block
Document Tier Tier 3
12