Compliance Management
System (CMS) Policy
Afterpay US | U.S.
September 2024
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by disclosed individuals within Block, Inc.
and on a need-to-know basis.
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Confidentiality 2
Table of Contents 3
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 7
2. Purpose 7
3. Scope 7
4. Policy Requirements 8
4.1 Requirements for the CMS 8
4.2 The Compliance Management System 9
4.2.1 Board and Management Oversight and Reporting 9
4.2.2 Regulatory Change Management 9
4.2.4 Policies, Standards, and Procedures 10
4.2.5 Training 10
4.2.6 Monitoring and Testing 11
4.2.7 Change Management 11
4.2.8 Issue Management 11
4.2.9 Complaint Management 12
4.2.10 Vendor Management 12
4.2.11 Audit 12
5. Document Management 12
5.1 Document Owner 12
5.2 Review & Approval 12
6. Exceptions 13
7. Record Retention 13
8. Related Documentation or References 13
9. Revision and Approval History 13
10. Document Details 14
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Compliance A Compliance Management System is a structured approach that
Management organizations use to ensure they are following all relevant laws,
System (“CMS”) regulations, and internal policies. It involves creating processes,
procedures, and controls to monitor and enforce compliance with these
rules, aiming to prevent legal issues, financial penalties, and reputational
damage. Essentially, it's about making sure the organization plays by the
rules and operates ethically and responsibly.
Block, Inc. (“Block”) For the purposes of this Policy, Block refers to the parent company of
Afterpay US, Inc. and its subsidiary, Afterpay US Services, LLC.
The Company For the purposes of this Policy, the Company refers to Afterpay US, Inc.
and its subsidiary, Afterpay US Services, LLC.
Issue An Issue is defined as a deficiency, gap, or weakness in the design,
performance, or operating effectiveness of a process or control or the
absence of a control.
Staff Member(s) An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors) hired
by Block who supports the Company’s operations covered by this Policy.
Roles and Responsibilities
Afterpay US, Inc. The Afterpay US Board has ultimate responsibility for this Policy and
Board of Directors compliance efforts. The Board is responsible for:
(“Afterpay US Board”
or the “Board”) ● Reviewing and approving this Policy no less than annually;
● Demonstrating clear and appropriate expectations about
compliance;
● Understanding material compliance risks to which the Company is
exposed;
● Ensuring that a Compliance Officer and BSA/AML Officer is
appointed at the Cash App level of Block; and
● Ensuring that the compliance function has the necessary
resources to appropriately manage compliance risk and are
appropriately empowered within the Company.
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Cash App Head of The Cash App Head of Compliance is responsible for:
Compliance of
● Owning this Policy. The Cash App Head of Compliance has the
Block (“Cash App
Head of responsibility to develop, maintain, and administer the CMS based
Compliance”) upon the directives set forth in this Policy, industry best practices,
and applicable regulatory guidance;
● Establishing and maintaining a Compliance Training Program;
● Ensuring appropriate Compliance and Legal Team review of
Afterpay US’s advertising and marketing campaigns;
● Providing compliance guidance with respect to any new product
development or enhancement;
● Ensuring proper corrective action is taken in response to identified
Issues;
● Establishing and maintaining a compliance Monitoring and
Testing Program at a cadence that adequately addresses Afterpay
US’s risk profile;
● Ensuring relevant Afterpay US Compliance policies, procedures,
and processes are documented, current, comprehensive, timely,
and adequate systems and processes exist to support applicable
compliance and legal requirements;
● Coordinating with Senior Management the handling of any
complaints; and
● Acting as a liaison for Senior Management on regulatory
compliance matters during federal or state compliance
Examinations and/or third-party compliance audits.
As appropriate, the Cash App Head of Compliance may delegate the
above responsibilities to relevant Senior Management or Compliance
Staff who inform and escalate key risks and Issues to the Cash App Head
of Compliance.
Legal Team The Legal Team is responsible for:
(Regulatory /
● Advising the Cash App Head of Compliance, Senior
Licensing /
Examination teams) Management, and other areas of Afterpay US regarding legal
and compliance matters;
● Overseeing and managing regulatory licenses and reporting;
● Supporting the end-to-end licensing process for both federal
and state licenses;
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
● Providing legal advice by identifying and validating relevant
regulatory obligations applicable to Block’s products and
operations;
● Working closely with the Cash App Head of Compliance and
Compliance Staff to achieve compliance objectives, in areas such
as customer complaint resolution, corrective action, and vendor
management.
Senior Senior Management, which includes key members of Afterpay US, Inc.’s
Management management team, is responsible for supporting the Cash App Head of
Compliance in delegated day-to-day responsibilities such as:
● Demonstrating clear and appropriate expectations about
compliance, not only within Afterpay US and its third-party
service providers;
● Maintaining effective internal controls and executing risk and
control procedures on a day-to-day basis;
● Being responsible for the handling and coordinating with the
Cash App Head of Compliance and Legal Team any complaints,
including those alleging discrimination or disparate treatment,
unfair or deceptive acts or practices;
● Addressing compliance Issues and associated risks of consumer
harm;
● Implementing effective corrective actions to address process
and control deficiencies;
● Identify and support execution of the compliance monitoring
and testing plan, including the review of results; and
● Ensuring that recurring reports of compliance risks, Issues, and
resolution are attained.
Members of Senior Management may also be compliance Staff,
reporting either directly or indirectly to the Cash App Head of
Compliance.
Staff Members / Staff Members are responsible for:
Staff
● Cooperating and working with Document Owner(s) to facilitate
compliance with this Policy;
● Knowing the requirements of the rules affecting their job duties
and carrying out their responsibilities at all times in a manner
compliant with those requirements and this Policy.
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Compliance Management System (“CMS”) Policy (“Policy”) outlines the Company’s commitment
to implementing and maintaining an effective CMS. Afterpay US, Inc.’s CMS is structured to ensure
adherence to all relevant laws, regulations, and internal policies. It involves processes, procedures,
and controls to monitor and enforce compliance with these rules, aiming to prevent legal issues,
financial penalties, and reputational damage. Cash App Head of Compliance and/or designee is
responsible for management of this Policy.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to set forth the expectations of the Afterpay US, Inc. Board of Directors
(the “Afterpay US Board”) for managing and mitigating applicable regulatory compliance risk as it
pertains to all U.S. business operations within the Company.
This Policy sets forth the framework within which the Company implements its CMS. The Afterpay
US Board recognizes that maintaining an effective CMS is critical for mitigating the risks arising from
violations of laws and regulations and the potential for customer harm and is necessary to maintain
a high level of public confidence in Block’s safe and sound operating practices.
A critical aspect of managing and mitigating regulatory compliance risk is the development and
maintenance of a CMS that is integrated into the overall framework for product design, delivery, and
administration of all product and service life cycles. In general, the Company achieves this standard
by ensuring a sound compliance structure is part of daily operations and that the Company
identifies Issues and initiates appropriate and timely remediations.
It is Afterpay US, Inc.’s policy to comply with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations.
Pursuant to this Policy, Afterpay US, Inc. will take prudent and reasonable steps to ensure
compliance, including careful consideration of applicable laws and regulations related to the
Company.
3. Scope
This Policy is applicable to Afterpay US, Inc., and its operations related to the Company.
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4. Policy Requirements
4.1 Requirements for the CMS
The Afterpay US Board recognizes that sound compliance risk management, like other areas of
operational management, depends on the Company establishing a comprehensive program of risk
controls and adequate oversight. The Company requires the CMS to be tailored to the Company’s
organizational needs, business strategy, operational complexity, product diversity, market
circumstances, regulatory environment, and risk profile. Because these essential criteria are not
static, the Afterpay US Board also requires the CMS to have a strong infrastructure while remaining
dynamic in its ability to respond to changes. This Policy includes all of the following elements that
are mandated by the Afterpay US Board:
● Define roles and responsibilities for regulatory compliance activities covered by Afterpay
US, Inc.’s CMS;
● Require the creation and maintenance of policies, procedures, and controls that ensure
the Company conducts business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and
in a manner that meets customer service goals;
● Set forth internal supervision of Company systems in order to deliver consistent and
on-going execution of CMS standards;
● Conduct a periodic compliance risk assessment to evaluate inherent risks, controls, and
the resulting residual risks to the Company in order to guide the execution of the CMS;
● Create a monitoring and testing program, and separate independent audit requirements
to identify operational and programmatic deficiencies;
● Establish change management and corrective action programs;
● Outline training requirements for all Staff, including the Afterpay US Board;
● Distribute compliance reporting for internal and external stakeholders (e.g., bank
partners); and
● Reinforce key CMS principles related to identifying potential violations of law and
correcting internal control deficiencies.
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2 The Compliance Management System
4.2.1 Board and Management Oversight and Reporting
Compliance will provide quarterly compliance updates to the Afterpay US Board and Afterpay US,
Inc.’s Senior Management, related to the operation of the CMS, customer complaints, monitoring
and testing results, corrective action updates, training results, and regulatory findings/exams.
4.2.2 Regulatory Change Management
The Legal Team will maintain a regulatory change management process to first identify, monitor,
and track relevant material regulatory changes that may impact Company products, services, and
operations. The Legal Team will conduct an applicability analysis for certain regulatory changes and
then, where necessary, notify key stakeholders. Compliance will develop and communicate to
impacted business teams an implementation plan, as needed, and the impacted business teams will
be responsible for executing on that implementation plan.
4.2.3 Risk Assessment
Risk assessments are a process for evaluating the compliance risk arising from: (i) the Company’s
operating environments; (ii) the regulatory landscape; (iii) the Company’s size, complexity, and
product offerings; and (iv) the effectiveness of internal controls. Risk assessments assist the
Company in identifying additional control needs, prioritizing compliance resources, and adjusting
the CMS to meet new and emerging risks.
On a periodic basis, the Cash App Head of Compliance will conduct a risk assessment with the
support of a cross-functional group of stakeholders across product, legal, and compliance.
The risk assessments will be used to:
● Understand the risk of specific regulatory requirements to the Company;
● Inform monitoring, testing, and training plans;
● Identify opportunities to enhance existing controls or to institute additional controls, as
needed; and
● Evaluate resource levels needed to manage compliance risks.
The risk assessment framework will assign inherent risk ratings, identify mitigating controls and
determine the resulting residual risk rating (which is derived from assessing the likelihood and
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
impact of risk occurrence after considering Block’s control activities). Compliance will present the
results of the annual risk assessment to the Afterpay US Board and Senior Management.
The Compliance team will conduct monitoring and testing as needed to verify that regulatory
changes are incorporated into the Company’s CMS program.
4.2.4 Policies, Standards, and Procedures
Afterpay US, Inc. requires compliance policies, standards and procedures be documented in written
form, in sufficient detail to implement compliance requirements, and are formally approved,
adopted, or recognized as outlined in the Block Compliance Document Approval Matrix. Policies,
standards, and procedures are updated periodically by their respective owners, and are reviewed and
approved as outlined in the Block Compliance Policy on Policies (“PoP”). All policies and standards
are posted in a shared location, as outlined in the PoP.
The PoP establishes the document hierarchy and life cycle of compliance policies, standards, and
procedures, as well as the roles and responsibilities for keeping Afterpay US, Inc.’s compliance
document inventory reliable and compliant.
4.2.5 Training
Block maintains a Compliance Training Program & Compliance Training Calendar to detail the
compliance training strategy and ensure the Afterpay US Board and Staff are trained on applicable
aspects of laws and regulations relevant to their job function. The Company additionally maintains a
Compliance Training Calendar to outline the training modules and frequency of compliance training
required by the audience. New Staff Members must first go through new hire compliance training.
Training time frames must be completed within 30 days of hire and annually thereafter, and the
content must be commensurate with the responsibilities within the job function.
Based on the role performed, select new Staff are required to receive Consumer Protection (e.g.,
UDAAP, Fair Lending, Privacy), and BSA/AML training within 30 days of being hired and then
annually thereafter. The Afterpay US Board will receive annual training on this CMS, Consumer
Protection (e.g., UDAAP, Fair Lending, Privacy), and BSA/AML. Where Staff fail to complete their
required compliance training, Block People Leads, with the support of Block Human Resources, are
responsible for supporting disciplinary action, where required.
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2.6 Monitoring and Testing
Compliance will develop a monitoring and testing plan annually based on the size, scale, and
complexity of the Company’s operations and business offerings. The annual plan will reflect the risk
profile of the Company, including relevant third-party risk, as well as compliance risk impacts from
new products, regulatory changes, previous testing findings, management action plans and due
dates, audit coverage areas, and any bank partner requests.
The testing program will support adherence to regulatory compliance requirements and the
frequency of testing for applicable regulations and each business unit will depend on the Company's
risk profile. Corrective action to any noted deficiencies will be implemented efficiently and
documented accordingly.
Details on this process can be found in the Global Compliance Monitoring and Testing Program.
4.2.7 Change Management
The Company has implemented procedures to review new or materially changed business practices
(namely marketing materials and customer communications, products or features) using a
combination of Legal and Compliance personnel, who will determine whether new or updated
controls are required. Business units are responsible for engaging these functions and escalating any
such changes for review. The results of reviews will be documented and maintained.
4.2.8 Issue Management
The Company adheres to the Block Issue Management Program. It defines a standardized approach
to the identification, assessment, prioritization, treatment, and reporting of Issues. A standardized
approach is necessary to allow Afterpay US, Inc. Senior Management the ability to make effective
decisions concerning risk management.
The Company will track and monitor deficiencies identified through monitoring and testing,
complaints, audits, and regulatory exams. The Company will record and track the nature of the
Issues, a description of the plan to resolve the Issues, target dates for implementation, and the status
of resolution progress.
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.2.9 Complaint Management
The Company maintains a Complaints Standard that includes minimum standards for the Company
in relation to the identification, classification, treatment, and reporting of complaints. The Global
Complaints Program (“GCP”) for Afterpay US, Inc. is overseen by the Cash App Head of Compliance
and business units maintain programs and procedures that align to the GCP, where applicable.
4.2.10 Vendor Management
The Company maintains a formal Third Party Risk Management (“TPRM”) Standard that identifies,
measures, and monitors the risks associated with the use of Third Party/Vendors. The TPRM Standard
outlines processes to perform due diligence and sets timeframes for ongoing review based on
defined risk tiers. Third Party/Vendors will be subject to ongoing monitoring and review in
accordance with the TPRM Standard.
4.2.11 Audit
Afterpay US, Inc. will conduct periodic risk-based independent audits of requirements of this CMS
Policy, including related processes, systems, and controls. The audit scope may also, as and when
appropriate, include independent validation of remediation of closed Issues identified through the
audit process. Results of these periodic audits, including updates on Issues validation, are reported to
Senior Management and the Block Audit and Risk Committee (“ARC”) on a periodic basis.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Cash App Head of Compliance or their designee.
5.2 Review & Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad-hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix. This Policy is approved by the Afterpay
US Board.
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
12

Confidential and Not for Distribution
6. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Block Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or
designee will inform Block Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of
exceptions.
7. Record Retention
Block will maintain records of this Policy in accordance with its document retention guidelines.
8. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Policy Block Compliance Policy on Policies
Related Policy Block Global Complaint Policy
Related Program Block Compliance Training Program
Related Program Block Issue Management Program
Related Program Block Global Monitoring & Testing Program
Related Program Afterpay Complaint Standard
Related Standard Afterpay Third Party Risk Management Standard
Other Block 2024 Compliance Training Calendar
9. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
13

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Robert Graham Lending Regulatory Reviewed/Appro… Aug 30, 2024
Counsel
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Corey Chamb… Product Creation Initial Creation of Aug 30, 2024
Compliance Policy
Lead
Afterpay Afterpay Board Initial Appro… Initial Creation of Sep 11, 2024
Policy
10. Document Details
Business Afterpay US
Scope Regional
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Cash App Head of Compliance
Last Approval Date Sep 11, 2024
Effective Date Sep 11, 2024
Approved By Afterpay US Board
Document Review Schedule Annually
Compliance Management System Policy | Afterpay US, Inc.
14