Incident Response Management Plan
Afterpay Canada
Last Approved: August 8, 2025
Effective Date: August 8, 2025
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Afterpay Canada (“Afterpayˮ) is a British Columbia incorporated entity
that offers “buy now, pay laterˮ installment products in Canada. Afterpay Canada is registered as a
Payment Service Provider (“PSPˮ) with the Bank of Canada and subject to the Retail Payment
Activities Act (“RPAAˮ). Additionally, Afterpay maintains a credit license in Nova-Scotia, New
Brunswick and Saskatchewan.
This document outlines Afterpay Canada Afterpay)ʼs internal processes for detecting, responding
to and recovering from incidents and reporting of incidents that may affect the confidentiality,
integrity, or availability of systems, services and operations involved in the delivery of Afterpayʼs
retail payment activities and in accordance with the RPAA.
This document is to be read together with the Block Incident Management Standard , the Block
Issue Management Program, the Privacy Incident Runbook and the Afterpay Incident Management
Policy and sets out the plan to be followed to identify and respond to threats and incidents in a
coordinated and efficient manner, assess and determine if an incident is material and reportable to
the Bank of Canada (“BoCˮ) in accordance with Afterpayʼs obligations as a PSP and subject to the
RPAA and while ensuring that remediation is completed with minimal disruption in accordance with
stipulated SLAs.
Scope: This document applies to all Afterpay related payment services, systems, staff, and third
party vendors that support any Afterpay related payment activities within the scope of the RPAA.
References to "staff" throughout this document shall refer to all full-time employees and fixed-term
and contingent workers including interns, temps, consultants, vendors, third-party providers, and
contractors engaged to work on Afterpay matters.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
The Retail Payment Activities The Retail Payment Activities Act is a Canadian federal law that
Act establishes a regulatory framework for the oversight of retail
payment service providers (“PSPsˮ)

Terminology Definition
Bank of Canada Bank of Canada is the supervisory authority under the RPAA
and acts as the regulator for retail payment service providers in
Canada.
Block, Inc. Block, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the ultimate parent of
Afterpay Canada.
Governance Risk and An internal governance committee made up of Senior
Compliance Committee Management responsible for the oversight of Afterpay's
compliance with applicable laws.
Incident Any event or series of related events that is unplanned,
unexpected or adverse and that results in or could reasonably
be expected to result in the reduction, deterioration or
breakdown of any retail payment activity that is performed by
Afterpay Canada and/or the systems, data and information
involved in the Afterpay Canada's performance of its retail
payment activities.
Reportable Incident An incident that has a material impact on an end user, Afterpay
Canada's operations.
2. Objectives
● Outline RPAA Operational Risk Incident Management and Reporting requirements
● Map compliance to existing processes
● Define roles & responsibilities
● Document data sources and validation procedures
● Establish a workflow to efficiently and effectively report a major RPAA Operational Risk
Incident, inclusive of identification and classification of an incident, internal and external
communication channels, escalation procedures, and notification timeline requirements
● Align with Block's existing Security IRP and Block's Information Security Response plan
● Ensure compliance with detection, classification, notification and reporting obligations
under the RPAA
3. Overview
Under RPAA, incidents are categorised broadly into four types: security, operational, fraud and
non-compliance.. Security incidents include events like cyberattacks, data breaches, or any
unauthorized access that compromises data authenticity, integrity or confidentiality. Operational
incidents refer to disruptions that affect service continuity and availability, such as system outages
or failures in critical infrastructure. Fraud include events involving actual or attempted fraudulent
activities, misappropriation of funds, identity theft affecting end-user accounts. Non-compliance

includes events that could impact Afterpayʼs compliance status such as violations of RPAA
requirements or applicable privacy laws. All categories of incidents include incidents caused by
Afterpay or its third-parties or vendors. Only incidents that have been assessed and deemed to
have a material impact on Afterpayʼs operations and end users are reportable to the Bank of
Canada under RPAA.
Afterpay leverages Block-foundational resources to respond to, contain, remediate and resolve a
Security Incident. Blockʼs Detection and Response Team (“DARTˮ) supports security incidents,
while Site Reliability Engineering (“SREˮ) supports operational incidents (also known as SEVs) and
the Compliance Issue Management Team supports fraud and non-compliance related incidents.
This document will often refer back to each teamʼs respective incident handling procedures and
will only outline the RPAA-specific requirements.
4. Background
The RPAA is a Canadian regulation introduced by the Bank of Canada to establish a regulatory
framework for the oversight of PSPs and to protect the integrity of payment services, and the
interest of end users. As a PSP operating under RPAA, Afterpay is required to comply with these
requirements and by implementing this plan, Afterpay demonstrates its commitment to operational
resilience, end-user protection, and regulatory compliance.
5. Prerequisite Reading
This document does not replace Block's existing incident plans and runbooks, rather it is to be
used as an extension of existing processes to ensure Afterpay's alignment with the RPAA. It is
recommended that DRIs directly or indirectly impacted by this plan familiarize themselves with the
following:
● BLOCK INFORMATION SECURITY INCIDENT RESPONSE PLAN
● Security Incident Response Runbook
● [Engineering] Incident Management at Square (go/sev)
● Incident Severity Definitions & Thresholds
● Incident Management Roles & Responsibilities
● Counsel SEV Runbook - Privileged and Confidential
● Afterpay Incident Management Policy
● Privacy Incident Runbook
6. Program Requirements
6.1 Identification of Incidents
Incidents may be identified through any of the following sources:
● Automated monitoring systems
● End-user reports or escalations
● Internal staff

● Third-party notifications
● Compliance, Regulatory or law enforcement alerts
Incidents will be assessed by the Afterpay Compliance Team, Risk and Legal Counsel as to
whether they are deemed reportable incidents under the RPAA. Refer to the Afterpay Canada
incident materiality threshold guidance Appendix A.
Block Incident Identification
● Security and Operational incidents are identified in a variety of ways. We will continue
following the identification methods listed in Blockʼs IR and Square Engineering Incident
Management. plans.
● Incidents impacting Afterpayʼs critical or important functions – where malicious
unauthorized access to network and information systems is identified, or where there is an
adverse impact on the availability, authenticity, integrity, or confidentiality of data – will be
assigned a criticality of P0/P1/SEV0/SEV1. Designations will consider other factors such as
trend and impact assessments. For more information on security incident classifications,
refer to Blockʼs incident response plans and runbooks.
● All P0, P1 and SEV0, SEV1 incidents impacting Afterpay International and/or international
Afterpay users, regardless of impact to Afterpayʼs CIF, will be escalated to the Afterpay
Incident Team.
Security Incidents
● Analysis of past security incidents affecting Afterpay suggests material impacts on
Afterpay's CIFs and generally P1 incidents.
● While P2 incidents generally do not meet the reportable criteria thresholds, incident teams
will share information as it becomes available, but no later than post-containment, to
ensure readiness in the event that criticality increases. The escalation channel will be done
via Slack at #afterpay-rpaa-incident-team on Slack.
● Incidents with a P0/P1 designation will be escalated to the Afterpay Incident Team via Slack
#afterpay-rpaa-incident-team on Slack.
Operational Incidents SEVs
● Operational incidents, also known as Engineering SEVs, ALERTs, or just SEVs, are managed
differently from security incidents. These are typically created and managed by the
engineering teams that support the impacted service.
● Go/sevlevels requires a minimum designation of SEV1 for incidents with reputational or
regulatory concerns.
● Incidents with a SEV0/SEV1 designation impacting the Afterpay will be escalated to the
Afterpay Incident team via the Incident.io and PagerDuty integration, prompting an email,
text, and phone call.
● While SEV2 incidents generally do not meet the reportable criteria thresholds, Incident.io
will still notify the Afterpay Incident team when a SEV2 impacting Afterpay is declared to
ensure readiness, in the event that criticality increases.
● The first 24 hours of the incident are the most uncertain. Engineering teams will have
more information on impact upon stabilization 4hrs from incident start time).

Fraud and Non-Compliance Incidents
● All fraud and non-compliance incidents are promptly reported within 48 hours in
accordance with the Block Issue Management Program. These categories of incidents
must be promptly identified, assessed, and escalated to the issue management team in
coordination with AP Canada compliance, legal and risk teams to ensure containment,
preservation of evidence and where applicable, regulatory reporting to the Board of
Canada (refer to Reporting Incidents section). Root cause analysis will be conducted with
corrective action implemented to prevent recurrence and all actions and findings must be
documented and retained.
6.1.2 Manual Classification of Incidents
● With the support of Afterpay Canada Compliance and Afterpay Canada Legal Counsel, the
Afterpay Incident Team will assess the incident against the RPAA incident reportable
threshold .
● If the team suspects the incident meets the RPAA reportable threshold, this workflow will
be activated in parallel with Blockʼs existing incident plans.
● Refer to the Incident Materiality Threshold Guide
6.2 Assessing the Incident
● Once an incident is identified and the Afterpay Canada Compliance team is notified, the
Afterpay Canada Compliance team will engage and work with the Risk DRI and the Afterpay
Canada Legal Counsel to help determine if the incident meets the material / reportable
threshold under RPAA
● If the incident is determined not to meet the material / reportable threshold under RPAA,
continue to follow the Incident Management policy (including recording details of
remediation).
● For all incidents assessed Material or non-Material), Afterpay Compliance must record the
assessment, the Materiality decision, the rationale for the Materiality decision and the
Compliance, Risk and Legal Counsel approvers of the Materiality decision.
● If the incident is determined to meet the RPAA reportable threshold, the Afterpay
Compliance Team will work together with Afterpay Legal Counsel, Risk, the Responsible
Manager/s, the CA Public Policy team and the relevant business risk owner to determine
reportability. If necessary, an out of cycle Governance Risk and Compliance Committee
meeting may be called to discuss the matter.
6.3 Recording an incident
● Incidents are to be managed in accordance with the Block ERM Issue Management
Program and Block Incident Management Program.
● Once identified, incidents must be recorded in the GRC Tool, which is the Afterpay GRC
tool, within 5 business days. Guidance as to how to record incidents in the GRC Tool can be
found here. It is the responsibility of ALL Afterpay employees to identify and record
Incidents. Where the Incident is identified by the business, e.g. the product team, this team
is responsible for entering the Incident into the GRC Tool.

NOTE Only the Afterpay Compliance team, with advice from Legal Counsel, can determine
whether an incident is "material" and reportable - it is important to not refer to an Incident
as reportable until it has been determined as such by Afterpay Compliance, Risk and Legal.
● To ensure the Afterpay Compliance team is notified of any Incidents which might
potentially be deemed 'material' and 'reportable' as soon as possible, Afterpay has
implemented the following escalation process:
○ All Afterpay employees have direct access to contact the Afterpay Compliance
team via email (canadacompliance@squareup.com) and Slack, and have been
trained to report any incidents. When contacted via these channels, the Afterpay
Compliance team will also direct the relevant Afterpay employee to enter the
Incident into the GRC Tool to ensure there is the appropriate record of the Incident
for audit and reporting purposes.
○ The Afterpay Chief Compliance Officer and Afterpay Incident Lead will be notified
through the Block Incident Slack channel of any operational or security incidents
and performance failures. This ensures that there is adequate and appropriate
Compliance awareness of any such incidents in real time.
6.4 Reporting Incidents
What type of incidents must Afterpay report to the BoC?
Afterpay must report any payment-related incidents that materially impacts Afterpay's critical or
important functions and that:
● Disrupts or threatens Afterpay's payment functions
● Compromises the confidentiality, integrity or availability of Afterpay's end-user data or
funds, or;
● Has a material impact on Afterpay's operations
Refer to the incident materiality threshold guidance
When to report to / notify BoC?
● Initial notification must be submitted to the Bank of Canada as soon as possible and no
later than 48 hours after Afterpay determines the incident is material.
● If there are significant updates, an interim notification must be submitted within 72 hours of
the initial notification.
● A final report must be provided no later than one month after the last interim notification. If
the deadline falls on a Canadian statutory holiday or weekend, the notification may be
submitted by noon the next working day.
● The report must be approved by the Afterpay Canada Chief Compliance Officer prior to
submitting to the BoC
● The licensing and regulatory reporting DRI is responsible for submitting the incident to BoC
What information should be included in the report?
The information Afterpay must share with BoC as part of the reporting process includes:
● The description of the incident and how it was discovered

● Classification
● Timeline of events
● Impact on end users or operations
● Root case
● Resolution measures, mitigation and recovery efforts
● Any residual risks or unresolved issues
Afterpay must also notify impacted end-users where applicable.
6.5 Other Actions
Where an incident is reportable to the BoC, the Afterpay Compliance team will also:
● Ensure that Afterpay's accountable person is notified;
● Report to the Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee;
● Prepare a written report to the BoC in the manner required under RPAA and approved by
the Afterpay Canada Chief Compliance Officer.
Where a breach is not considered reportable, the Afterpay Canada Compliance Team will report
the matter to the Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee and note it as such in the Incidents
Register.
6.6 Post-Incident Review
Following resolution, a post-incident review shall be conducted by the Governance and Oversight
Lead to assess root causes, mitigation effectiveness, and areas for improvement. Findings and
lessons learned shall be documented, and internal knowledge bases and playbooks shall be
updated as necessary. The Afterpay Incident Response Team shall review post-incident findings
and make recommendations for future improvements.
6.7 Review and Testing
This plan shall be:
● Reviewed annually; and
● Tested at least once a year through tabletop or simulation exercises, or through real
incidents that require regulatory reporting
7. Compliance & Enforcement
7.1 Roles and Responsibilities
The listed roles and responsibilities outlined here are intended to strengthen collaboration and
streamline information sharing for reporting incidents under RPAA. This is not an exhaustive list,
but rather a high-level guide to understand the typical workflow for RPAA-compliant incident
reporting. Detailed responsibilities are further elaborated in Blockʼs existing incident plans.

● Compliance Governance and Oversight Lead: As part of the Afterpay's Incident Team, this
DRI is responsible for overseeing all major incidents impacting Afterpay, validating
classification, ensuring Afterpay carries out timely reporting and notification to the BoC and
end-users (where applicable).
● Chief Compliance Officer: The CCO or delegate is the DRI responsible for sharing the
incident notification and reports with the BoC. This function will be executed in partnership
with the Canada Legal Counsel team.
● Afterpay Canada Compliance Team: The Afterpay Compliance Team forms part of the
local Afterpay Incident Team is responsible for assessing and managing incidents in
ProTecht.
● Legal Counsel: Legal Counsel supports incidents where an incident impacts Afterpay's
clients or products. DRI should be consulted for guidance, including reviewing & approving
all external communications to the BoC and end-users
● External Communications: Responsible for supporting the Reporting Liaison, as needed, in
crafting external communications to the BoC.
● Block Incident Team: The Security and Operational Incident teams will be established per
Blockʼs existing incident plans. DRIʼs are responsible for escalating incidents to the Afterpay
Canadaʼs Incident team where a Material incident (refer to the Materiality Threshold),
P0/SEV0, P1/SEV1, or P2/SEV2 priority is designated impacting Afterpay Canada. Block
Incident teams are responsible for providing up-to-date information about the incident, as it
becomes available, through the final phase of the incident and may support root-cause
analysis.
● Privacy Counsel: Privacy Counsel supports Afterpay incidents where a data breach is
suspected impacting significant data loss. Upon this incident type, Privacy DRI should be
consulted and provide guidance, including reviewing & approving all external
communications (i.e. to the BoC, relevant regulator/s, impacted individuals and / or
partners) alongside Afterpay Legal Counsel and Afterpay Incident Team.
● Afterpay Incident Response Team (#afterpay-rpaa-incident-team on Slack) : Local team
responsible for overseeing all incidents impacting Afterpayʼs systems, end-users or
services. This is the body which is ultimately responsible for determining which an incident
should be classified as ‘materialʼ, whether an incident is reportable, sign-off of
communication plans, sign-off of remediation plans and assessing customer impacts. This
body is supported by the Incident Team. DRIs are also responsible for staying up-to-date
on all incident management and reporting regulatory requirements, such as RPAA.
● Security Governance Risk and Compliance: Is responsible for ensuring Block's
compliance with data governance standards and regulations, minimizing risk and impact
during incidents, and ensuring that all actions adhere to applicable laws, country specific
requirements, regulations, and industry standards.
● Enterprise Risk Management: ERM serves as a 2LoD in the Afterpay Canada Incident
Response Management Plan. ERM is responsible for developing and maintaining the
enterprise-wide Issue Management Framework applicable to Afterpay Canada. It supports
the identification, escalation, and classification of all issues including material incidents
under the RPAA.

7.2 Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Policy Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for compliance
and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy, Compliance
will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive management.
Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
7.3 Training
The Afterpay Canada Compliance team will establish and implement an RPAA training program to
ensure that all employees, contractors, and third parties involved in Afterpay's retail payment
activities understand their roles and responsibilities related to incident detection, escalation, and
reporting under the RPAA.
Training Objectives:
● Educate staff on RPAA requirements and the materiality threshold for incidents;
● Ensure staff understand how to identify and escalate potential incidents;
● Promote consistent usage of reporting tools such as Protecht and designated Slack
channels;
● Provide specialized training for Compliance, Legal, and Engineering teams on
RPAA-specific reporting obligations; and
● Reinforce the importance of timely communication and regulatory notification
requirements.
Program Components:
● Mandatory onboarding training for all new hires involved in Afterpay's retail payment
activities;
● Annual refresher training will be provided to all relevant staff;
● The Compliance Team will track participation in training sessions and completion rates;
● Audit logs will be maintained to demonstrate compliance with training requirements; and
● Refresher training will be provided to employees who fail to comply with the incident
response procedures.

7.4 Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Block's Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
All incident-related records, including communications, logs, and reports, must be retained for at
least five 5 years in compliance with the RPAA.
7.5 Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
8. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Program, please contact the Program owner.
Review related documents:
● Afterpay Canada Operational Risk Management Standard
● Afterpay Canada Responsibility Matrix for ORM Standard
9. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an
ad hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Block is committed to continuously reviewing policies, policy supplements, and procedures, on at
least an annual basis and reserves the right to amend this document at any time, for any reason,
subject to applicable law. Amendments and modifications must be reviewed and approved by the
Afterpay Canada Chief Compliance Officer.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Safiya Adenekan Canada Chief Initial Approval Creation July 4, 2025
Compliance
Officer
Afterpay Canada Board August 8, 2025
Board of
Directors

Document Details:
Business Afterpay
Scope Canada
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Canada Regulatory Compliance Lead
Approved By Afterpay Canada Board
Document Tier Tier 2

Appendix A
Afterpay Canada Guidance on the Classification Criteria and
Thresholds for Material Incidents under the RPAA
An incident is classified as "Material" if:
1) Critical services are affected and
2) (i) any malicious unauthorized access to network and information systems is identified,
which may result in data losses, or
(ii) the thresholds of two additional criteria from the below table are met.
Criteria Criteria Threshold/ Criteria Details Triggered
Category Condition Yes /No
Mandatory Critical Services Any impact on Critical
Condition Affected critical services Services:
or functions Services that
performed by or impact any of the
for Afterpay critical functions
that support the
performance and
delivery of
Afterpay's retail
payment
activities.
Additional Clients, a) 10% of all Clients and
Classification Financial clients using the Counterparts:
Criteria Counterparts affected service Includes all
and b) 100,000 parties unable to
Transactions clients using the use or adversely
affected service impacted by the
c) 30% of service,
financial including
counterparts contractual
used d) 10% of beneficiaries.
daily avg.
number or
amount of
transactions e)
Any identified
impact on

Criteria Criteria Threshold/ Criteria Details Triggered
Category Condition Yes /No
clients/counterp
arts
Data Losses Any impact on Data Losses:
availability, Availability:
authenticity, Temporarily or
integrity, or permanently
confidentiality of inaccessible/unu
data adversely sable data.
affecting Authenticity:
business Compromised
objectives or trustworthiness.
regulatory Integrity:
requirements Unauthorized
modification.
Confidentiality:
Unauthorized
access/disclosur
e.
Reputational a) Media Reputational
Impact coverage b) Impact: Media
Repetitive coverage,
complaints c) complaints,
Regulatory regulatory
non-compliance non-compliance,
d) Loss of clients or client loss.
or financial
counterparts
with material
impact
Duration and a) Incident 24 Duration/Downti
Service hours b) me: Measured
Downtime Downtime 2 from incident
hours for critical onset/detection
Technology / to resolution.
Engineering / Downtime
Platform services measured from
service
unavailability to
full restoration.

Criteria Criteria Threshold/ Criteria Details Triggered
Category Condition Yes /No
Economic Costs/losses Economic
Impact exceed $100,000 Impact: Includes
liability, theft,
compensation,
lost revenue,
advisory costs,
etc.