Escalation Framework for Non-Completion of
Compliance Training Employees)
Block, Inc.
Last Approved: Mar 30, 2026
Effective Date: Mar 30, 2026
1. Overview
Introduction and Purpose: Block, Inc (“Blockˮ) requires employees (“Staff Membersˮ) to complete
mandatory Compliance training. This Escalation Framework for Non-Completion of Compliance
Training (“Frameworkˮ) defines the approach taken by Block for Staff Members who do not
complete mandatory compliance training, as required.
The purpose of this document is to outline the Escalation Framework for Employees who have not
completed mandatory Compliance training despite undergoing the current Compliance training
escalation process as outlined in the Block Compliance Mandatory Training Program Standard (the
“Standardˮ).
For mandatory Compliance training, the Standard outlines the end-to-end Training Campaign
Cycle, which gives Learners 30 days to complete the assigned mandatory training on time,
followed by a 7 day escalating communication process post-due date aimed at driving completion
of compliance training. Select mandatory Compliance training may follow an adjusted timeline as
outlined in the Program. This Framework takes effect for Staff Members who have not completed
mandatory Compliance training at the conclusion of the Compliance Training Campaign Cycle
which can be thought of as day 1 of the Consequences phase. This Framework is owned and
maintained by the Compliance Training Team who partners with HR, People Ops, External
Workforce, and Employment Counsel on changes to the Framework.
Scope: This Framework is established by Block and is applicable across all Block business lines
and subsidiaries.
Definitions:
Terminology Definition
1

Call-to-Action Action required to be completed within a specified timeframe.
Disciplinary Disciplinary Action may include verbal or documented coaching, written or
Action final warning, unpaid administrative leave, or termination of employment, as
a result of a policy violation.
Docebo (“Block Blockʼs Learning Management System (“LMSˮ) utilized and managed by the
Academyˮ) People Team
Learner An employee or external worker (e.g., contingent labor, contractors), with
access to Block systems and Block credentials who are assigned a Workday
profile is required to take Compliance Training.
Note: The scope of this document includes only employee learners.
Training The end-to-end management of deploying a mandatory compliance training
Campaign Cycle module that generally allows 30 days for completion and post-due date
escalation and notification period. Select mandatory compliance training may
follow an adjusted timeline as outlined in the Compliance Training Program
Standard.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Terminology Definition
Mandatory The Training Team owns and manages the Compliance Training Program
Compliance Standard and the Disciplinary Action Framework for Non-Completion of
Training Team Compliance Training outlining the requirements and strategy for
(“Training implementing those requirements.
Teamˮ)
Employment Review the disciplinary matrix and partner with the Human Resources team
Counsel to ensure consistent enforcement.
Human HR supports the business in executing Disciplinary Actions.
Resources
(“HRˮ)
Leads Leads are people managers who have employees or External Workforce
assigned to them in Workday.
Leads are responsible for executing Disciplinary Action for non-compliance,
with support from HR.
People Ops Responsible for placing said Staff Member on unpaid administrative leave
and/or termination at the request of the Directly Responsible Individual
(“DRIˮ).
2

2. Standard Requirements
2.1. Disciplinary Action for Non-Completion of Compliance Training
This section outlines recommended guidelines for managing Employees who have been assigned
but not completed their required mandatory Compliance training despite notifications at various
points throughout the Compliance Training Campaign Cycle. This net population of Staff Members
with overdue training will be referred to the HR team by the Training Team at the conclusion of the
Training Campaign Cycle. The tiered Disciplinary Actions matrix below was developed to be
progressive (level 1 moves to level 2, then level 3, etc.),
The following Disciplinary Action Matrix applies to all Block Staff members globally. Levels 1 and 2
are applicable globally. Level 3 and 4 are applicable only to U.S. based employees only. For Staff
Members outside the U.S., consequences at Levels 3 and 4 are managed on a case-by-case basis in
accordance with local employment laws and regulations, as outlined in Section 2.2 below.
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4
Applicability Global Global US Only* US Only*
Written Warning Final Warning 7 Days Unpaid Termination
Leave
Begins 14 days Begins 28 days 42 days past
past completion past completion Begins 35 days completion
deadline deadline past completion deadline
deadline
Summary Docebo Docebo Employees who Employee is
automated automated remain terminated
notification, sent notification, sent non-compliant
weekly, delivers daily, delivers after final
warning with final warning with warning are
Call-to-Action to Call-to-Action to placed on unpaid
complete training complete training leave until
within 7 days or training is
else disciplinary completed
action will ensue
Actions Taken ● Employee ● Employee Employees who Employment will
notification is notification is remain be terminated for
automated automated non-compliant employees who
● Repeats ● Repeats following the final fail to complete
weekly until daily until L3 warning period mandatory
L2 will be placed training following
upon unpaid unpaid
administrative administrative
leave. Employees leave.
retain system Termination
access during decisions
3

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4
Applicability Global Global US Only* US Only*
unpaid leave to consider
complete individual
required training. circumstances
Unpaid leave and may include
concludes upon case-by-case
training evaluation. All
completion or at termination
the end of the actions comply
seven-day with applicable
period. Cases are employment laws
evaluated and company
individually to policies.
determine
appropriate
disciplinary
measures.
Action Owner Compliance Automated HRS team HRS team
Team owns Docebo
configuration of notification:
notifications as Compliance team
new compliance
courses are
created
Duration of this 14 Days 7 days 7 Days N/A
level
For Staff Members outside the U.S., consequences at Level 3 and 4 are managed on a
case-by-case basis in accordance with local employment laws and regulations. See Section 2.2.
Notes:
● The escalation framework and consequences outlined in the matrix above apply only to
Mandatory Compliance training as outlined in the Mandatory Compliance Training
Standard. Operational training and on-the-job training non-completion is handled on a
case-by-case basis by the employeeʼs manager and HR, based on job readiness and
operational needs.
● Actual notification timing may vary slightly due to weekends, holidays, system
maintenance, or other operational considerations. The day counts represent target timing,
with notifications sent on the next available business day, when necessary.
2.2. Consequences for Non-Completion of Compliance Training - Outside the
U.S.
4

For Staff Members located outside the U.S., consequences at Levels 3 and 4 for training
non-completion are managed on a case-by-case basis in accordance with local employment laws
and regulations. The HPBP team will work with HR leadership and Employment Counsel to determine
appropriate disciplinary actions that comply with applicable local requirements. Levels 1 and 2 apply
globally to all Staff Members regardless of location.
3. Compliance & Enforcement
3.1. Monitoring and Reporting
On an ongoing basis, the Escalation Framework Owner and/or their designee monitors activities for
compliance and objective achievement. As outlined in the Compliance Management System Policy,
Compliance will provide regular updates, as applicable, to the Block, Inc. Board and executive
management. Reporting may cover specific information related to:
● Policies and standards
● Procedures
● Audit/exam findings
● Issues management
● Training
● Complaints
3.2. Record Retention
All Documents are retained according to the longer of:
● Blockʼs Data Classification & Handling Policy
● Applicable regulatory requirements
3.3. Exceptions
The Framework Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a request, and
provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks associated
with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and retained with
recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be submitted to the
Policy Governance Team. The Document Owner and/or designee will inform Compliance Leadership
and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
3.4. Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by employees.
5

4. Questions & Contact Information
Questions: For questions or clarifications about this Framework, please contact the Framework
Owner.
Review related documents:
● Compliance Mandatory Training Standard
5. Document Details & Revisions
Review and Approval: This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad
hoc basis in accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Approval History:
Approver Title Type Description Date
Stevi Winer Compliance Creation New document Mar 27, 2026
Policy & Training
Lead
Sherry Steve… Governance Initial Appro… New document Mar 30, 2026
Program Support
GPS Lead
Document Details:
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Governance
Document Owner Compliance Policy & Training Lead
Approved By Governance Program Support GPS Lead
Document Tier Tier 2
6