T
Compliance InFcident
Management Reporting
A
Standard
R
D
Block
May 2025
Last Approval Date

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Confidentiality
This document is confidential and should only be accessed by individuals within Block, Inc. and on a
need-to-know basis.
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
2

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Definitions 4
1. Introduction 8
2. Purpose 8
3. Scope 8
4. Standard Requirements 8
4.1 Incident Identification / Detection 9
4.2 Incident Documentation & Escalation 9
4.2 Incident Stabilization / Remediation 9
5. Document Management 10
5.1 Document Owner 10
5.2 Review and Approval 10
6. Exceptions 11
7. Record Retention 11
8. Implementation Date and Transition Period 11
9. Related Documentation or References 11
10. Revision and Approval History 11
11. Document Details 12
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
3

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Definitions
Terminology Definition
Incident An unforeseen, unplanned or near-miss event that negatively impacts
our operations, quality of services and/or function. An Incident may be
caused by either (or a combination of) internal control failure(s) or an
external event outside of the organization’s control.
An incident is separate from but can be related to Issues a high level
control improvement, actions, risks or regulatory changes, etc.
Issue A deficiency, gap, or weakness in the design, performance, or operating
effectiveness of a process or control or the absence of a control.
Production An Engineering event impacting one or more of the following:
Incidents
(Non-Security 1. a significant service (e.g., payment rails, Cash App)
Incident) 2. a significant number of services (e.g., refunds, reporting, & logins)
3. a significant number of customers (e.g., x% of certain customers)
4. a significant miss in service level availability (e.g., product/service
is X% down)
Security/Privacy A confirmed breach, policy violation, or event that threatens the
Incident confidentiality, integrity, or availability of Block Information, requiring
investigation and response.
Any loss or unauthorized access to, or acquisition or use of, Block’s
information maintained by, or on behalf of, Block, or malicious or
non-malicious activities or vulnerabilities that result in unauthorized
modification or damage to Block technology or systems, including the
Block network or mobile applications.
A non-exhaustive list of examples includes computer system intrusion,
suspected or actual breaches, compromises, or other unauthorized
access to Block systems, data, applications, or accounts, denial of service
(DDoS) attack or an attack that prevents or impairs the authorized use of
networks, systems, or applications.
SEV Levels Severity levels are defined by impact (e.g., SEV 0 to SEV 4), guiding
prioritization and response efforts. SEVs is shorthand for a Product
Incident.
Block SEV Levels
● SEV 0: Adversely affecting crucial, time-sensitive business
activities for our Sellers, resulting in financial loss or damage to
their reputation. For example: blocking Sales or Deposits. Triggers
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
4

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Terminology Definition
update to issquareup.com
● SEV 1: Adversely affecting crucial business activities for our Sellers,
with the potential to incur financial loss or harm their reputation.
For example: blocking Payroll runs or administrative tasks
Triggers update to issquareup.com
● SEV 2: Disrupting non-essential operations that can reasonably
be postponed during the incidents’ occurrence. For example:
delaying a non-critical report
● SEV 3: Minimal disruption to non-essential operations.
Cash SEV Levels:
● SEV 0: Any incident that threatens Block or Cash in any market
with serious reputational, regulatory, or business harm.
● SEV 1: Any incident that significantly impacts a large group of
customers or causes widespread work halting for Cash engs.
● SEV 2: An incident that inconveniences a large group of
customers or Cash engs (e.g. work halting for 30 or more
engineers).
● SEV 3: An incident that affects a small enough group that there is
no noticeable impact to customer success, or where there is an
obvious workaround. Internal SEVs have minor impact or impact
few employees.
● SEV 4: Indicates that external customers or developers are not
impacted.
Square SEV Levels:
● SEV 0: Any incident that stops a seller from running their
business. Threatens Square in any market with serious
reputational, regulatory, or business harm. (e.g., blocking Sales or
Deposits)
● SEV 1: Any incident that significantly impacts a large group of
customers or causes work halting (e.g. blocking Payroll runs or
administrative tasks)
● SEV 2: An incident that inconveniences a large group of
customers or engs, or where there is an obvious workaround.
● SEV 3: An incident that affects a small enough group that there is
no noticeable impact to customer success or the seller
● SEV 4: Indicates that external customers or developers are not
impacted. Preemptive SEVs.
On-Call Bug A bug is an error, flaw, failure, or fault in a computer program or system
that causes it to produce an incorrect, or unexpected result, or to behave
in unintended ways.
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
5

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Terminology Definition
Depending on the impact, bugs can be fixed immediately &/or live in our
codebase indefinitely, or simply fall somewhere in between.
incident.io An incident management platform in use at Block. There are two
distinct, highly customized instances currently in use; one for the Cash
App and one for Square. The two instances operate independently in
both workflow and configuration.
incident.io is integrated with Slack, PagerDuty, and Jira.
Rootly An incident management platform for managing and resolving
Information Security and Privacy related incidents. Rootly is integrated
with tools like Slack and Jira to automate and streamline incident
response processes.
PagerDuty PagerDuty is a SaaS incident command system used by Block across all
brands.
Fire Hydrant An incident management platform used for Production Incidents for
Afterpay. It is integrated with Slack, PagerDuty, and Jira.
Datadog Datadog is a monitoring and analytics tool used by Engineering to track
the performance and health of applications and infrastructure.
Stabilization Stabilization is the process of restoring normal activity. All Incidents
require stabilization.
Remediation Distinct from Stabilization, Remediation is the process of undoing the
harm caused. Remediation is not required for all Incidents.
Roles and Responsibilities
Role Responsibility
Compliance Responsible for monitoring processes and operations to identify and
escalate Compliance-related Incidents, including Anti-Money
Laundering (“AML”)/Countering Financial Terrorism (“CFT”) &
Sanctions-related Incidents.
Detection and Responsible for detecting, assessing, and responding to Security
Response Team Incidents.
(“DART”)
DART operational teams handle the initial response for all Information
Security/Privacy Incidents using the DART Security Incident Response
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
6

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Runbook (“IRP”). For Information Security/Privacy Incidents that do not
meet the threshold to trigger the IRP, the Runbook guides resolution of
those other Incidents.
DART is responsible for assessing and responding to any potential
Security/Privacy Incidents. These incidents may be detected through
various sources, including internal or external IT sources, employees,
anonymous reports, third parties, the press, or law enforcement.
Anything suspicious should be reported to DART, which actively
monitors for Security/Privacy Incidents and evaluates their seriousness.
Incident Response After an evaluation, if a Security/Privacy Incident is deemed Critical or
Team (“IRT”) High Impact, Block will mobilize the IRT, which is responsible for
managing and resolving Security Incidents, led by the CISO.
Computer Security The DART team that investigates and resolves Security/Privacy Incidents.
Incident Response
Team (“CSIRT”)
Compliance Group Advise the IRT on compliance-related decisions during an incident,
Lead ensuring that actions taken do not expose the organization to legal risks.
Counsel Group Responsible for overseeing legal aspects of the incident response,
Lead ensuring compliance, providing guidance, coordinating with external
legal entities, assessing legal risks, managing stakeholder
communication, and maintaining documentation for potential legal
proceedings.
Privacy Group Lead Responsible for managing and protecting data privacy during an
incident, ensuring compliance with data protection laws, advising on
privacy issues (including determining whether notification to data
subjects, regulators and / or partners is necessary), coordinating with
regulators, overseeing privacy safeguards, managing breach
notifications, and maintaining records of privacy-related action
Service Providers / When Block is informed of an Incident at a third party, the IRT may rely
Third Party on a DRI to facilitate communication with their partner or vendor.
All communications with 3rd parties regarding a Block Security Incident
or investigation must be approved by Block Legal.
Technology In instances of high severity Production Incidents, Block will mobilize
Operations Teams TechOps, which is responsible for coordinating and managing towards
(“TechOps”) stabilization and recovery.
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
7

Confidential and Not for Distribution
1. Introduction
This Compliance Incident Management (“Standard”) outlines Block, Inc.’s approach to managing and
reporting Compliance-related Non-Security Incidents and Security Incidents (collectively, “Incidents”
or “SEVs”), including, among others, Anti-Money Laundering AML/CFT and Sanctions Incidents and
Consumer Protection Incidents.
2. Purpose
Block, Inc. (“Block”) conducts business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The
purpose of this Standard is to establish a unified framework for the management of Incidents across
the Compliance organization, ensuring compliance with regulatory obligations, adherence to
Block-level frameworks, operational resilience, and timely communication to stakeholders.
3. Scope
This Standard is established by Block and is applicable globally across Block’s Compliance
organization.
4. Standard Requirements
This Standard describes the framework that Compliance follows to respond to, contain, remediate,
and resolve Incidents involving Compliance-related processes, systems, tools, or data. It also
describes the structure, roles, and responsibilities of key personnel involved in responding to and
escalating such Incidents.
The Compliance organization adheres to Block’s enterprise-wide Incident Management frameworks,
including the Block Information Security Incident Response Plan and the Block Security Incident
Management Framework. Compliance plays a key role in the identification, escalation, assessment,
resolution, and documentation of incidents and breaches related to Compliance systems, processes,
and operations.
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
8

Confidential and Not for Distribution
4.1 Incident Identification / Detection
Through daily monitoring of processes including internal detection alerts notifications, metrics
dashboard monitoring, or by other teams such as Customer Service, Compliance may identify
Incidents negatively impacting the operational integrity and/or quality of the organization’s services
or functions, including transaction alert failures, tooling issues, KYC system degradations, and
Sanctions-related breaches. Compliance Incidents may be caused by production changes, third
party vendor failure, or unexpected user behavior.
4.2 Incident Documentation & Escalation
In the event of an Incident impacting compliance, risk, tooling systems, or customer experience,
Compliance assesses the severity of the issue, the potential operational and regulatory impact, and
the urgency of escalation to the tool or system owners. The team then notifies the appropriate
platform, system, tool, or process owner of the Incident and provides a summary. Relevant details are
documented, ensuring visibility across functions and providing a central location for tracking
discussions and actions. Compliance also supports the IRT’s Counsel Group Lead and Privacy Group
Lead to ensure that Incidents are reported to external authorities, as required.
4.2 Incident Stabilization / Remediation
The goal of Incident Management at Block is to restore normal and reliable service as quickly as
possible and minimize customer harm, ensure Incidents are detected and solved consistently, direct
support resources where most required, and provide detailed and relevant information to all internal
and external stakeholders, allowing support processes to be optimized and refined, and the number
of Incidents to be reduced.
Remediation coordination and completion, which is distinct from Stabilization, depends on
ownership and/or control of the platform, system, or tool. The Compliance, Product, and Engineering
teams each have defined points of contact (“DRIs”) who collaborate during investigations. Access
and database management are handled by platform teams with system owner approval.
Key stakeholders from Compliance Leadership, Risk Management, Ops Team Leadership, and
Engineering Teams maintain regular communication throughout incident resolution, as needed.
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
9

Confidential and Not for Distribution
Communications are maintained with all key stakeholders, including Compliance, may be engaged
to:
● Drive resolution through various channels (e.g., Slack discussions, huddles, or emergency
syncs)
● Provide regular updates on issue status and actions taken;
● Ensure timely mitigation and documentation; and
● Coordinate with and engage legal on potential regulatory notifications
4.4 Postmortem Process
Incidents require postmortems that document root causes and remediation plans, where applicable.
Upon resolution, a post-mortem review meeting should be held to review the Root Cause Analysis
(“RCA”), timeline, lessons learned, and remediation and prevention actions. The Incident and RCA are
documented in the designated system of record.
4.5 Issues Management Process
Following immediate resolution of the Incident, Compliance may open an Issue, in accordance with
Block’s Issues Management Program, to address underlying reasons why the Incident occurred. This
Program is the standardized approach to the identification, assessment, prioritization, treatment and
reporting of Issues at Block. Issues are entered into Block’s Issues Management System of Record
and tracked through remediation.
5. Document Management
5.1 Document Owner
This document is owned by the Compliance Reporting Lead within Governance and Program
Support or their designee.
5.2 Review and Approval
This document shall be reviewed and approved at least annually and on an ad hoc basis in
accordance with the Compliance Document Approval Matrix.
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
10

Confidential and Not for Distribution
6. Exceptions
The Document Owner or designee will have authority to approve exceptions and/or exemptions to
this Policy, provided that the proposed exception or exemption does not violate applicable laws and
regulations. Policy exception requests must be documented in writing, include a reason for a
request, and provide a description of the controls that the Company will implement to mitigate risks
associated with the exception. Any approved exceptions must be documented in writing and
retained with recordkeeping requirements. Any approved exceptions or exemptions should be
submitted to the Policy Governance Team at go/policyhelp. The Document Owner and/or designee
will inform Compliance Leadership and applicable committees, as needed, of exceptions.
7. Record Retention
All published Documents are retained in accordance with Block’s Record Retention guidance or in
accordance with regulatory guidance - whichever is longer.
8. Implementation Date and Transition Period
Block and all applicable subsidiaries are expected to be in full compliance with requirements of this
document no later than six (6) months after the approval date of this document.
9. Related Documentation or References
Related Documents:
Related Standard Issue Management Program
Related Procedures Block Incident Management High-Level …
BLOCK INFORMATION SECURITY INCIDE…
Security Incident Response Runbook
Security Incident Management Framewo…
Cash SEV Response Training
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
11

Confidential and Not for Distribution
10. Revision and Approval History
Stakeholder Review Tracking
Approver Team Represented Stakeholder Status Date
Sherry Stevens Compliance Reviewed/Approved May 27, 2025
Approval History
Approver Title Type Description Date
Sherry Stevens Head of Creation Initial Approval May 30, 2025
Governance &
Program
Support
11. Document Details
Business Block
Scope Global
Compliance Domain Compliance Governance
Document Owner Compliance Reporting Lead, Governance &
Program Support
Last Approval Date May 30, 2025
Effective Date May 30, 2025
Approved By Head of Governance & Program Support
Document Review Schedule Annually [May 2026 ]
Compliance Incident Management Standard | Block
12