block
1
Training Guide
Note: Please view this guide in slideshow mode for the best user experience.
Table of Contents
Roles & Responsibilities Reviewing a document draft as a stakeholder
Introduction Reviewing a document as leadership
Submit a new document request Requesting an extension for a document review
Review a new document request as the document owner Requesting retirement of a document
Drafting/updating a document as a Submitter Requesting an exception for a document
Reviewing a document draft as the document owner
Quick Resources: Saving and Submitting Records Quick Resources: Best Practices and Reminders
Roles & Responsibilities
Document Owner Stakeholder
Submitter
● Actions You Can Take:
● Actions You Can Take: ● Actions You Can Take:
○ Approving New Document Requests
○ Requesting New Documents ○ Reviewing Document Drafts
○ Reviewing Document Drafts
○ Document Drafting ○ Reviewing Extension Requests
○ Reviewing Extension Requests
○ Requesting an Extension
○ Reviewing Retirement Requests
○ Requesting Updates to Existing
○ Requesting Updates to Existing
Documents
Documents
● You are also the document owner's delegate
Notifications
● 30/60/90 days before the scheduled review ● 30/60/90 days before the scheduled review ● Pending your review
date, and past due date, and past due ● Feedback addressed
● Updates requested from you ● Pending your review
● Updates requested from you
Central Team: the governance team overseeing document reviews, quality, and compliance.
Documents may fall under different Central Teams depending on sub-type, domain, or other attributes.
4
Introduction
Welcome to LogicGate, located at go/policy. In this video, you will learn to navigate the homepage.
● Here are some key areas of interest:
○ Configure Home Screen: Use the button to select a
Home Screen. The Home Screen has two options,
either
■ General All Employees Homescreen → Role is a
Submitter and Stakeholder
■ Document Owners Homescreen → Role is
Document Owner
○ Create Record: Create a new Record within the
selected Application.
➹ My Work: View all Records and Tasks in the
Application that are currently assigned to you.
○ Favorites Heart Icon): View all Records or Reports
you have favorited.
○ Recently Viewed Clock Icon): View the last 5
Records or Reports you have visited.
○ As you scroll, you will see our Policy, Standards, and
Procedures Libraries.
5
Submit a New Document Request
As a Submitter and Document Owner
1. Click Create Record.
2. Select the type of document want to create and click the
create button.
3. Complete the required fields and click Submit to route the
request for review.
Note: If you selected “Noˮ to the field asking you to confirm if
you are the document owner, the request is automatically
routed to the document owner for approval, and then to the
Central Team for review.
Next Steps: Once a new document request is approved, a draft is created and assigned to the Submitter (or Document Owner, if they are the
same). The draft will appear in their My Work section and in the My Policy or Standard section. The Submitter can then complete the draft and
submit it through the approval workflow. Refer to slide 7 for steps on submitting your document draft.
6
Reviewing a New Document Request
As a Document Owner
1. Click the Configure Home Screen button, select
Document Owners Home Screen, and click
Save.
2. Scroll down to the New Policy/ Standard/
Procedure Requests for Document Owner
review section to view pending tasks.
3. Review the information provided in the required
fields, record your decision, and click Submit.
Next Steps: The document will then be routed to the Central Team for review and approval.
7
Drafting/Updating Documents
As a Submitter or Document Owner
1. From the All Employees homescreen, locate the document you
need to work on in the My Work or My
Policy/Standard/Procedure sections and open the link.
2. Use the link to google doc to draft/update the document. When
updating existing documents, ensure changes are made in
suggestion mode.
3. Complete the form details and click Submit.
Notes:
○ The video demonstrates the process for drafting a new
document, and the same steps apply when updating an
existing one.
○ Drafts are assigned to the designated Submitter, who may
also be the Document Owner. If you cannot locate a
document you need to update in your My Work or My Policy,
Standard, or Procedure sections on the dashboard, it means
you are not identified in the workflow. Please contact the
Central Team for assistance.
Next Steps: The document is then routed to the Central Team and, where applicable, to stakeholders for review.
8
Reviewing a Document Draft
As a Document Owner
1. Click Configure Home Screen, select Document Owners
Home Screen, and click Save.
2. Scroll down to the Drafts Requiring Document Owner
Review section to view pending requests.
3. Select the document you want to review and open the draft
using the Google link provided.
4. Once your review is complete, record your review decision.
Note: The document owner can request an extension from
this page, if needed.
Follow the same steps to review retirement requests that are
pending document owner approval under Retirement
Requests for Document Owner Review.
Next Steps: The document will then be routed to the next level of approval in the workflow.
9
Reviewing Document Draft
As a Stakeholder
1. From the All Employees dashboard, scroll to My Assigned
Stakeholder Reviews.
2. Select the document you want to work on.
3. Click the editable link to open and review the document.
4. Record your review decision.
5. Click Submit.
Next Steps: Upon completion of stakeholder reviews, the Central Team conducts the governance review and routes the document for approval.
10
Reviewing a Document Draft
As Leadership
1. Click Configure Home Screen, select Leadership
Home Screen, and click Save.
2. Scroll down to Documents for Leadership Review
section to view pending requests.
3. Select the document you want to review and open the
draft using the Google link provided.
4. Once your review is complete, record your review
decision.
Follow the same steps to review retirement requests that
are pending leadership approval under Retirement
Requests for Leadership Review
Next Steps: The document will then be routed to the next level of approval in the workflow.
11
Requesting an Extension for Draft
1. From the All Employees homescreen, locate the
document you need to work on in the My Work or
My Policy / Standard / Procedure sections and open
the link.
2. Scroll to the bottom of the document draft page to
request an extension.
3. Select Create New Extension.
4. Complete the form by entering the extension date,
the reason for the request, confirming whether you
are the document owner, and signing before
selecting Submit.
Note: Extensions may be requested only once and for a
maximum of six months.
Next Steps: If you are not the document owner, your request will be routed to the owner for approval. If you are the document owner, the request
will be routed to the Central Team for review.
12
Requesting Retirement of a Document
1. From the Home Screen, click Create Record.
2. Select Request Retirement to submit a retirement request for
a policy, procedure, or standard.
3. Complete the required fields, link the applicable documents,
and click Submit to route the request for review.
Note: Once a document is retired, it will be archived by the
Central Team and removed from employee access.
Next Steps: Retirement requests follow the same review and approval process as the document creation/updates.
13
Requesting an Exception
1. On the Home Screen, click + Create Record.
2. Select Request Exception to submit an exception request for a
policy, procedure, or standard.
3. Complete the required fields, link the records you are requesting
an exception for (multiple documents may be selected), and
click Submit to route the request for review.
Note: The exceptions process was previously managed in Jira, but
will now be managed in LogicGate going forward. Exception
requests can be submitted for a max. validity period of six months.
Next Steps: The exception request will then be routed for review by the exception reviewers and must be approved by the exception owner
before going into effect.
14
Saving and
Submitting
● If you would like to exit your record without submitting, simply exit
Records
the page.
○ All information in your record will save automatically.
● Once you have completed your record, click Submit at the bottom of
the page.
○ A message will appear to verify your submission. Click Submit
again to submit the record.
● Records will not allow you to submit if all required fields are not
completed.
○ Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.
Best Practices
& Reminders
★ You must be checked out to a record to perform work on it!
★ Take advantage of the Most Recently Viewed feature.
★ Your work will save automatically - there is no “saveˮ button.
★ Make sure to click ‘Submitʼ when done completing a record.
★ You can still make comments directly in Google Docs.